eng	 i suppose it's different when you think about it over the long term . the last person i told my idea to thought i was nuts . if the world weren't in the shape it is now , i could trust anyone . they are too busy fighting against each other to care for common ideals . america is a lovely place to be , if you are here to earn money . i've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings . it would take forever for me to explain everything . i may be antisocial , but it doesn't mean i don't talk to people . back in high school , i got up at 6 a . m . every morning . if i could send you a marshmallow , trang , i would . every person who is alone is alone because they are afraid of others . i am not an artist . i never had the knack for it . i can't tell her now . it's not that simple anymore . i am a flawed person , but these are flaws that can easily be fixed . whenever i find something i like , it's too expensive . i don't want to lose my ideas , even though some of them are a bit extreme . you are saying you intentionally hide your good looks ? if anyone was to ask what the point of the story is , i really don't know . i think my living with you has influenced your way of living . if you look at the lyrics , they don't really mean much . my physics teacher doesn't care if i skip classes . after that , i left , but then i realized that i forgot my backpack at their house . thanks for having explained to me at last why people take me for an idiot . if you didn't know me that way then you simply didn't know me . it almost scared me not to see you online for a whole day . if i wanted to scare you , i would tell you what i dreamt about a few weeks ago . i don't like it when mathematicians who know much more than i do can't express themselves explicitly . i don't know how to demonstrate it , since it's too obvious ! i wouldn't have thought i would someday look up " viagra " in wikipedia . i found a solution , but i found it so fast that it can't be the right solution . i will play sudoku then instead of continuing to bother you . it is inevitable that i go to france someday , i just don't know when . seriously though , episode 21 made me almost cry while laughing . i was wondering if you were going to show up today . do you really need to ask the question to know the answer ? you can't expect me to always think of everything ! i suppose that behind each thing we have to do , there's something we want to do . . . it's no use pretending to make me believe that i believe things you don't believe ! it would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work . i'm so dumb . . . i'm trying to explain things to you that i don't understand myself . there will always be things i will never learn , i don't have eternity before me ! i wish i could care more about my grades but it seems that , at a certain point of my life , i decided they wouldn't be so important anymore .  " a rolling stone gathers no moss " is a proverb .  " when will you be back ? " " it all depends on the weather . "  " what's the matter ? " asked the little white rabbit .
eng	 we must learn to live together as brothers , or we will perish together as fools .  " to tell you the truth , i am scared of heights . " " you are a coward ! "  " this is what i was looking for ! " he exclaimed .  " this looks pretty interesting , " hiroshi says . their communication may be much more complex than we thought .  " thank you for helping me . " " don't mention it . " it may be that the happiness awaiting us is not at all the sort of happiness we would want . it is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not . i want a boat that will take me far away from here .  " haven't we met somewhere before ? " asked the student . in the 1950's , the finns were cited as having one of the least healthy diets in the world .  " why aren't you going ? " " because i don't want to . " first , i'm going to do an outline of my new website . democracy is the worst form of government , except all the others that have been tried . when you're beginning to look like the photo in your passport , you should go on a holiday . with so many people around he naturally became a bit nervous . those who live in glass houses should not throw stones . math is like love : a simple idea , but it can get complicated . the only useful answers are those that raise new questions . to have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence . poor is not the one who has too little , but the one who wants too much . seeing that you're not surprised , i think you must have known . this will be a good souvenir of my trip around the united states . excuse me ; allow me to point out three errors in the above article . it is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says " yes " and " no " .  " i can't think with that noise , " she said , as she stared at the typewriter . it is said that " hamlet " is the most interesting play ever written . it's quite difficult to master french in 2 or 3 years . i don't want to spend the rest of my life regretting it . it would be fun to see how things change over the years . it took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of english . the mandatory character of schooling is rarely analyzed in the multitude of works dedicated to the study of the various ways to develop within children the desire to learn . hey , i may have no money , but i still have my pride . this is my friend rachel . we went to high school together . to be surprised , to wonder , is to begin to understand . you opened up my eyes to what it's like when everything is right . could you dial for me ? the telephone is too high . life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans .  " pass me the salt , please . " " here you are . " it has been so long since i last went to disneyland with my family . my parents keep arguing about stupid things . it's so annoying ! if you don't want to put on sunscreen , that's your problem . just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn . my friends always say i'm too calm , but my family always says i'm too annoying . i hate those spiders . they're always there to freak me out when i'm cleaning .
eng	 it's so hot that you could cook an egg on the hood of a car . better to be hated for who you are than loved for who you're not . mathematics is the part of science you could continue to do if you woke up tomorrow and discovered the universe was gone . my eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected . you know the phrase , we reap what we sow . i have sown the wind and this is my storm . she's faking sleep . that's why she's not snoring . it would be so cool if i could speak ten languages !  " if you're tired , why don't you go to sleep ? " " because if i go to sleep now i will wake up too early . " it's a complete mess , and it's getting on my nerves . when the body is touched , receptors in the skin send messages to the brain causing the release of chemicals such as endorphins . one hundred and fifty thousand couples are expected to get married in shanghai in 2006 . those selected will have to face extensive medical and psychological tests . half a million children still face malnutrition in niger . it will take five to ten years for the technology to be ready . the french government has launched an online game that challenges taxpayers to balance the national budget . what do you believe is true even though you cannot prove it ? when you're trying to prove something , it helps to know it's true . what changes the world is communication , not information . most scientific breakthroughs are nothing else than the discovery of the obvious . if you don't understand something , it's because you aren't aware of its context . the past can only be known , not changed . the future can only be changed , not known . the key question is not what can i gain but what do i have to lose . any universe simple enough to be understood is too simple to produce a mind able to understand it . despite the importance of sleep , its purpose is a mystery . what does it mean to have an educated mind in the 21st century ? i would like to give him a present for his birthday . i have so much work that i will stay for one more hour . there's no point saying " hi , how are you ? " to me if you have nothing else to say . in a dictionary like this one there should be at least two sentences with " fridge " . a democrat is a free citizen who yields to the will of the majority .  " have you finished ? " " on the contrary , i have not even begun yet . " why does one say " good day " when the day is not good ? being objective means not telling everybody whose side you are on . a mathematical truth is neither simple nor complicated ; it is . mathematicians are poets , except that they have to prove what their fantasy creates . mathematicians are like french people : whatever you tell them they translate it into their own language and turn it into something totally different . an expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his field , and how to avoid them . doing math is the only socially acceptable way to masturbate in public . there are 10 types of people in the world : those who understand binary , and those who don't .
eng	 most schools were designed not to transform society , but to reproduce it . when i ask people what they regret most about high school , they nearly all say the same thing : that they wasted so much time . when you can't do what you want , you do what you can . at the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand . there are days where i feel like my brain wants to abandon me . i can't cut my nails and do the ironing at the same time ! i can't take it anymore ! i haven't slept for three days ! he doesn't want you to tell him about your sex life . if you can't have children , you could always adopt . it's a pity that you can't buy miracles like you would buy potatoes . if you know that something unpleasant will happen , that you will go to the dentist for example , or to france , then that is not good . prime numbers are like life ; they are completely logical , but impossible to find the rules for , even if you spend all your time thinking about it . if you raise an eyebrow , it can mean " i want to have sex with you " , but also " i find that what you just said is completely idiotic . " a schedule is an identity card for time , but , if you don't have a schedule , the time isn't there . let's face it , it's impossible . we're never gonna make it . you don't marry someone you can live with — you marry the person whom you cannot live without . in theory , there is no difference between theory and practice . but , in practice , there is . don't stay in bed , unless you can make money in bed . there are people in the world so hungry , that god cannot appear to them except in the form of bread . it requires wisdom to understand wisdom : the music is nothing if the audience is deaf . i was planning on going to the beach today , but then it started to rain . an opinion is shocking only if it is a conviction . people who love doubt nothing , or doubt everything . liberty consists of being able to make everything as harmless as possible . the slowest one to make a promise is the most faithful one in keeping it . if two men always have the same opinion , one of them is unnecessary . our opinion is an idea which we have ; our conviction an idea which has us . i slept a little during lunch break because i was so tired . it is easier to hit on people on the internet than in the street . i live near the sea , so i often get to go to the beach . how many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror ? if you don't have anything to do , look at the ceiling of your room . it's presumptuous for humans to assume that our task is to do what only god can do . an astute reader should be willing to weigh everything they read , including anonymous sources . denying she was an anarchist , katja maintained she wished only to make changes in our government , not to destroy it . blindness is responsible for a staggering toll of poor health , suffering , and loss of dignity and diminution in the quality of lives of people worldwide . the formation and movement of hurricanes are capricious , even with our present - day technology .
eng	 david has a keen interest in aesthetics — the qualities that make a painting , sculpture , musical composition , or poem pleasing to the eye , ear , or mind . despite trang's constant affirmations of love , spenser is still afraid someday she will fall out of love with him . the private colleges and universities of the united states are autonomous . every time i join a new game of warcraft , i am pitted against a new team of adversaries . from the moment that i knew that the university existed , i've wanted to go there . my apathy for voting comes from my distaste for politics . the ascendancy of monarchs is what keeps their subjects from rebellion . sarah was discerning enough to realize that her friends were trying to prank her . the orchestra makes discordant noises when tuning up . the discrepancy between the stories of the two parties involved in the accident was so great that the authorities had a hard time deciding which side was telling the truth . i have a great fear of being disdained by those i love and care about . most people have a great disinclination to get out of bed early , even if they have to . the audience acclaimed the actors for their performance . the student decided to abridge his paper by taking out unnecessary details . people in the world are always advocating for more freedom and equality . politicians are always censured for outrageous or inappropriate behavior . ms . eichler had a notorious reputation for being austere to her students . if you don't listen to us , we will have to resort to coercion . when i have migraines , aspirin doesn't alleviate the pain for me . spenser's sarcastic and joking remarks are often misinterpreted as signs of ambivalence and often taken too seriously . my mother prefers the arbitrary selection of the lottery machines over my lucky numbers . to him , hunger was an abstract concept ; he always had enough to eat . the convicted drug dealer was willing to comply with the authorities to have his death sentence reduced to a life sentence . i consider the jehovah's witnesses who knock on my door all the time to be no different from religious zealots trying to force their beliefs on me . the war on iraq is a volatile subject of political debate ; any wrong word and a heated argument could spark . my next door neighbor is a virtuoso whose skills with the piano have earned him a name among music experts . he was sick of being vilified all the time by people who were jealous of his ability . sven was so verbose that his friends resorted to calling him a chatterbox . even people who don't believe in the catholic church venerate the pope as a symbolic leader . unsure of which suitor she wanted to marry , the princess vacillated , saying now one , now the other . with the heirless king going crazy and royal family poisoned , the general of the army finally had his chance to usurp the throne . the recent scandals involving altar boys and religious leaders have undermined the faith people have in the church . as the plane was approaching turbulence , the pilot asked the passengers aboard the plane to fasten their seat belts .
eng	 though his stay in europe was transient , spenser felt he had learned much more about interactions with other people from traveling than he did at college . jason was a taciturn individual , so it was always a real surprise when he said anything . the king was tired of his sycophants always praising him , so he sent them away . spenser would not tell anyone his surreptitious plan to get back at his friends for pranking him . if spenser doesn't keep adding and translating sentences , the other contributors will surely surpass him . there was always too much superfluous writing in his essays . his essay gave only a superficial analysis of the problem , so it was a real surprise to him when he got the highest grade in the class . professors should explain everything in detail , not be succinct and always tell students to go home and read their books . prosecutors in court have to substantiate their claims in order to prove a suspect is guilty . the people who come on the maury povich show often make pretentious claims about their lovers cheating on them . it is a prevalent belief , according to a nationwide poll in the united states , that muslims are linked with terrorism . my roommate is prodigal when it comes to spending money on movies ; he buys them the day they're released , regardless of price . the profane language used on network television makes many parents with young children not want to subscribe to cable . freud's insights into human behavior led to him being honored as a profound thinker . food and drink were served in such profusion at the wedding that the bride and groom began to wonder if they should not have invited more guests . the proliferation of internet usage has given birth to a new generation of young people . my friends say i'm a prolific writer , but i haven't written anything for months . blind people sometimes develop a compensatory ability to sense the proximity of objects around them . a miser hoards money not because he is prudent but because he is greedy . when both girls told john they had feelings for him , he was in a quandary as to which girl he should be with . even now , many years after the cold war , there is still much rancor between the russians and the germans , especially in areas once occupied by the soviet union . the defense lawyer was confident that he would be able to answer the prosecutor's arguments in his rebuttal . johnson is a recluse ; he prefers to isolate himself from the rest of the students in our class . teachers must get tired of rectifying the same mistakes over and over again in their students' papers . the bottles of beer that i brought to the party were redundant ; the host's family owned a brewery . the witnesses were able to refute the false testimony of the suspect . the guild leader relegated vince to a lesser officer because he was abusing his power . joan of arc refused to renounce her belief that the voice she heard was from god and none other . shocked by the events of september 11th , politicians all over the world condemned the terrorists for their reprehensible deed .
eng	 the principal severely reproved the students whenever they made a mess in the hallway . my parents would repudiate my brother if they ever found out he was gay . in order to keep his original idea from being copied , henry resorted to reticence . to win his audience , the speaker resorted to using rhetorical techniques he learned from his communication courses . his father would never sanction his engagement to a girl who did not share the same religious beliefs as their family . though alfred is scrupulous in fulfilling his duties at work , he is less conscientious about his obligations at home . spenser's mother often scrutinizes him for every small mistake he makes . all the king's subjects , fearing his wrath , often acted quite servile . people are often quite skeptical about things unless given believable proof . from the doctor's grim expression , it was clear he had somber news for the patient . i always have to check my yard for stagnant pools of water so mosquitoes don't breed there . sometimes he has difficulty being articulate about his views . peter was an altruistic video game player ; he would give items to people who needed them , rather than selling them for personal profit . jimmy tried to cajole his parents into letting him drive across the country with his friends . pop artists thrive on the adulation of their loyal fans . bill clinton spoke in ambiguous language when asked to describe his relationship with monica lewinsky . he was a benevolent old man who volunteered to mow his neighbors' lawns for free . his stern tone and loud voice belied his inner sensitivity and caring nature . the wealthy , self - indulgent young man felt oddly drawn to the strict , ascetic life led by members of some monastic orders . the statue of the minute man commemorates the valiant soldiers who fought in the revolutionary war . baffled by sherlock holmes' cryptic remarks , watson wondered whether holmes was intentionally concealing his thoughts about the crime . what criterion did you use when you elected this essay as the winner ? con artists take advantage of the credulity of inexperienced investors and swindle them out of their money . even if your sentences were actually senseless , you at least have the luck to be able to form beautiful sentences . ray was willing to corroborate gary's story , but the police were still unconvinced that either of them were telling the truth . the murderer was convicted and sentenced to life in prison . sometimes hockey players get so competitive that fights break out . there was a feeling of constraint in the room ; no one dared to tell the king how foolish his decision was . the consensus indicates that we are opposed to the proposed idea . a small forest fire can easily spread and quickly become a great conflagration . even though he had served his time in prison , the murderer was never quite condoned by the public for his crime . i find words with concise definitions to be the easiest to remember . he was still mad about the accident despite his wife's conciliatory words .
eng	 it was a surprise to see all the students behaving with decorum on prom night . the news article painted the defendant as a guilty man , even though he had been proven innocent . the politician pushed for reform by denouncing the corruption of the government officials . the depravity of the king's deeds lead the people to believe he was nothing more than a tyrant that needed to be overthrown . it caught me off guard ; i didn't know what to do . what happened ? there's water all over the apartment . you will say and do things your parents said and did , even if you swore you would never do them . i am alive even though i am not giving any sign of life . life starts when you decide what you are expecting from it . what you don't have is better than what you do have . it's just five in the morning , but nevertheless it is light out . a child is not a vessel for filling , but a fire to light . sadly many people will believe things told to them via an email which they would find implausible face - to - face . it might sound far - fetched , but this is a real problem . the police are really good at understanding " someone stole my credit card and ran up a lot of charges . " it's a lot harder to get them to buy into " someone stole my magic sword . " the data suggest that the optimum length of a lecture may be 30 instead of 60 minutes . i tend to look at the pictures before reading the text . they're making too much noise . i can't concentrate . smith has spent years studying the effects of sleep and sleep loss on memory and learning . i can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees . everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true . the best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up . i look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter . i spent the whole afternoon chatting with friends . i don't want to hear any more of your complaining . mathematics is not just the memorization of formulas . the rooms in this hotel are really very bad at muffling sounds . i can hear my neighbor chewing his gum ! can you imagine what our lives would be like without electricity ? if you lend someone $20 and never see that person again , it was probably worth it . his story was too ridiculous for anyone to believe . it's very frustrating to try to find your glasses when you can't see anything without glasses . do you think mankind will someday colonize the moon ? what famous songs do you wish you had composed , and why ? i'm going to buy myself a new camera , digital this time . life in prison is worse than the life of an animal . my brother is very important . at least he thinks he is . at this rate , we're not likely to be done before the end of the week . i guess my view on friendship is pretty bleak because i've never really had to rely on anyone for anything . no , i cannot let you in , there's one person too many . holy crap , who's the asshole who dares call me in the middle of the night ? ! he has just published an interesting series of articles . the day before yesterday you impressed everyone , but i already knew you .
eng	 elephants are the largest land animals alive today . if you teach me how to dance , i will show you my hidden scars . fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet . cheese is a solid food made from the milk of cows , goats , sheep , and other mammals . i still don't like cavalieri , tonelli , or fubini . . . and my oral calculus exam is already tomorrow . you have been thinking about this problem the whole morning . take a break ; go eat lunch . this song is so moving that it brings tears to my eyes . there are a lot of things you don't know about my personality . when we borrow money , we must agree on the conditions . if you do not have this program , you can download it now . gonzales offers a bike to all his employees in europe . there are 1000 movies that one must watch before dying . i prefer to look for a solution to problems , not only to report them . the seven questions that an engineer has to ask himself are : who , what , when , where , why , how and how much . you are still asking yourself what the meaning of life is ? when can one say that a person has alcohol issues ? all i need to know about life , i learned from a snowman . check that your username and password are written correctly . open the cupboard to the left , the bottles are in there . there are also nightclubs where you dance flamenco . now i have to leave , they're calling for my flight . generally , who visits their parents more , sons or daughters ? it would of course be cheaper for you to sleep at our place . more than 90 percent of visits to a web page are from search engines . why did you wake me up to tell me something that big ? now , i'll never be able to concentrate on my work ! where is your twenty ? i'll give you five bucks for it . little by little , you will notice improvement in your writings . sometimes spenser cares so much about trang that he leads her to believe he is being overprotective . there are things in this world which simply cannot be expressed in the form of words . the most perfidious way of harming a cause consists of defending it deliberately with faulty arguments . as he sits in the dark , typing away at his computer , he hears the sound of morning birds chirping away and realizes he has been up all night - but the insomniac still refuses to sleep . try as you might , but you cannot force a belief onto someone else , much less your own self . the functions sine and cosine take values between - 1 and 1 ( - 1 and 1 included ) . i am against using death as a punishment . i am also against using it as a reward . the second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half . girls are more likely than boys to be malnourished , suffer poverty , face violence and be refused an education , according to a new report . if only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time . on may 18 , a young japanese couple was arrested after their one - year - old baby was found wrapped in a plastic bag and dumped in a gutter . we are haunted by an ideal life , and it is because we have within us the beginning and the possibility for it .
eng	 the scientific theory i like the best is that the rings of saturn are composed entirely of lost luggage . the only way on earth to multiply happiness is to divide it . everything is theoretically impossible until it's done . until you make peace with who you are , you'll never be content with what you have . you may be disappointed if you fail , but you are doomed if you don't try . boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time ; serenity , that nothing is . never lose sight of the importance of a beautiful sunrise , or watching your kids sleep , or the smell of rain . it's often the small things that really matter in life . there is no distance on this earth as far away as yesterday . only those who risk going too far will know how far one can go . every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world . we can travel through time . and we do at the remarkable rate of one second per second . the real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do . my interest is in the future because i'm going to spend the rest of my life there . the world is a book , and those who do not travel read only a page . the problem with many things is the pre - conceived ideas we have about them ! the best way to predict the future is to invent it . advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it . if we knew what we were doing , it wouldn't be called research , would it ? to the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit , every problem looks like a nail . nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself . that's the thing about people who think they hate computers . what they really hate is lousy programmers . it is not the strongest of the species that survives , not the most intelligent , but the one most responsive to change . i think it is good that books still exist , but they do make me sleepy . i can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas . i'm frightened of the old ones . japan is full of beautiful cities . kyoto and nara , for instance . since mario lied to me , i don't speak to him anymore . we are what we pretend to be , so we must be careful what we pretend to be . look carefully . i'm going to show you how it's done . people should understand that the world is changing . fifty - two per cent of british women prefer chocolate to sex . you cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd . you should only count on yourself - - but even then , not too much . to be quiet in class is to respect other people's sleep . logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence . cole's axiom : the sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant ; the population is growing . people will accept your idea much more readily if you tell them benjamin franklin said it first . if you see a man approaching you with the obvious intention of doing you good , you should run for your life . we learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience .
eng	 if you think education is expensive , wait till you see what ignorance costs you . the world is divided into people who get things done , and people who get the credit . more people get into trouble for things they say rather than for what they do . in business today , too many executives spend money they haven't earned , to buy things they don't need , to impress people they don't even like . any activity you need to accomplish will take more time than you have . nothing great has been achieved by playing it safe . in general , little is known about nonlinear second order differential equations . mali is one of the poorest countries in subsaharan africa . at this stage there is still not a clear energy policy for bringing decentralised power to rural areas . why are you telling me about hippos all of the sudden ? i don't see the connection between that and your twelve red goldfishes . you can't get lost in big cities ; there are maps everywhere ! we are sorry , the person you are trying to contact is not available . it was raining when we left , but by the time we arrived , it was sunny . we tried so hard to make things better for our kids that we made them worse . hi , i just wanted to let you know that the problem is fixed . there's quite a lot of things to do ; do you want some help ? she's got a fair complexion while her brother is very dark . in a town you may pass unnoticed , whereas in a village it's impossible . when i was a child , i would spend hours reading alone in my room . ah ! if i were rich , i'd buy myself a house in spain . i hope he'll be able to come ! i'd like to see him . water freezes at zero degrees celsius , doesn't it ? if you take care of the small things , the big things will take care of themselves . every man's work , whether it be literature or music or a picture or architecture or anything else , is always a portrait of himself . when we seek to discover the best in others , we somehow bring out the best in ourselves . we're going to eat a lot tonight so i hope you're not on a diet . for once in my life i'm doing a good deed . . . and it is useless . brian repeatedly told chris that he owed him a pretty large amount of money . you are no better at remembering things than i am . we have to take him to the hospital immediately ; he is seriously injured ! i heard a cotton candy shop has just opened . let's go , dudes . if you don't want to stay alone , i can keep you company . even plastic surgery won't do anything for your ugliness . i'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp . i have to write a letter . do you have some paper ? i couldn't say when exactly in my life it occurred to me that i would be a pilot someday . she has always done her best to make their life easier .  " do you have any siblings ? " " no , i'm an only child . " you are a busy man , so i will adjust myself to your schedule . you should know better than to ask a lady her age . you have bought more postage stamps than are necessary . since you look tired , you had better take a rest .
eng	 you told her that you had finished the work three days before . you must make allowance for his lack of experience . it would be better for you not to ask him for advice . you ought not to have said a thing like that to him . you should have told him about it while he was here . didn't you know that he passed away two years ago ? don't you know that he has been dead for these two years ? you will progress in proportion to your abilities . you could count to ten when you were two years old . you are not old enough to go swimming by yourself . you are working too hard . take it easy for a while . you may as well withdraw from the club right away . don't you know that you are the laughingstock of the whole town ? now that you are a big boy , you may do as you please . you are too inquisitive about other people's affairs . you should have locked , or at least closed , all the doors . you never listen . i might as well talk to the wall . if you study earnestly , you can expect to pass the exam . you bought the food , so if i buy the wine that will even things up . you should have known better than to take an examination without preparing for it . i take it that you are fully acquainted with the facts . you ought not to have spent so much money on your hobby . since you like to write letters , why don't you drop her a line ? you are young . i , on the contrary , am very old . you should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries . you must cut down on extra expenses in order to live within your means . you are at liberty to make use of this room in any way you please . you should read such books as you consider important . you had better take into consideration that you are no longer young . you should look after the children from time to time . there is need for improvement in your handwriting . you should study hard so that you can pass the examination . you need not have helped my son with his homework . i advise you to be careful in making notes for the lecture . you can get in touch with him at his home tonight . you don't have to go to the party unless you want to . you should make your ideas correspond with reality . you needn't have hurried ; you've arrived too early . did you inform your friends of your home - coming ? you had better make the most of your opportunities . you look pale . you had better lie down in bed at once . indeed you know a lot of things , but you're not good at teaching them . you seem to be prejudiced against ideas that come from foreign countries . you don't have proper dignity as chief of the section . you must be mindful of your family responsibilities . you continue making the same mistakes time after time . you want to have a finger in every pie , don't you ? you've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday . i think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license . you have only to study hard , and you will pass the test . being a teacher , you must learn to keep a tight rein on your emotions . you may rest assured ; i have no ulterior motive in making this donation .
eng	 you should have been more careful with your health . now that you're grown up , you must not behave like that . now that you are grown - up , you ought to know better . now that you are grown up , you must not behave like a child . now that you have come of age , you should know better . now that you have come of age , you should be responsible for what you do . now you've come of age , you have the right to vote . now that you have passed your test , you can drive on your own . if you read this book again , you will have read it three times . now that you are eighteen , you can get a driver's license . you say nessie is an imaginary being , but i think she exists . i tried to reach you on the phone , but i was unable to get through . you must consider what kind of work you want to do . you should make sure of the fact without hesitation . you are very fortunate that you have such friends . you may think those shoes are in fashion , but they aren't . you are old enough to know better than to act like that . you should have done it earlier . it cannot be helped now . are you in favor of the workers getting more money ? you will not be able to go through the book so quickly . you have no business complaining about the matter . you have a responsibility to explain that behavior to me . you'll have some difficulty in carrying out the plan . you will be delayed for only thirty minutes at worst . you'd better go to see your family doctor at once . you'd better stay at home rather than go out on such a day . i hope you can come up with a better plan than this . you must get this homework finished by the day after tomorrow . you are not excused from the responsibility for this serious situation . since you have nothing to do with this matter , you don't have to worry . you'll have this composition written by noon tomorrow , won't you ? you had better avail yourself of this opportunity . you'll find yourself in deep water if you continue to live beyond your means . how long did it take you to drive from here to tokyo ? have you had any experience with this kind of work ? you have to study hard to catch up with your class . have you visited the town where your father was born ? you should ask your father for his advice and follow it . you should apologize to dad for not coming home in time for supper . have you ever visited the office where your father works ? some day you will have to reap the harvest of your own sowing . how long have you been alienated from your family ? you need not to have called me up so late at night . you shouldn't talk back to your parents like that . you better brush up your english if you go to america . you look the way your father did thirty years ago . you may as well have a day off , because you have been overworking those days . you are the only man in the world that i can call my friend . you had better set some money apart for your wedding . all you have to do is wait on any customers that come to the shop . your story doesn't corroborate what i've heard before . judging from what you say , he must be a great scholar .
eng	 if i were in your situation , i would do the same thing . i will sell the boat in accordance with your orders . are you sure you want to put your life in her hands ? i have no interest in putting my money into your dreams . this business plan of yours seems almost too optimistic . all i can say is i hope it's more than just wishful thinking . the day is sure to come when your dream will come true . the day will surely come when your dream will come true . the time will come when your dream will come true . your father's supporters are not limited to his friends . your father went through all that trouble for your sake . your estimation of him is a little high , to say the least . without your consent , nothing can be done about it . your motive was admirable , but your action was not . if your answer is correct , it follows that mine is wrong . it doesn't matter whether your answer is right or wrong . you can come and see me whenever it's convenient for you . had i known your telephone number , i would have called you . i can't agree to your proposal on the ground that it is not fair and reasonable . there is certain to be some opposition to your suggestion . you'll be paid according to the amount of work you do . if it were not for your advice , i would be at a loss . without your advice , i would have been robbed of my bag . if it had not been for your advice , i would have failed . there's no room for excuses when it comes to your negligence , is there ? your son took part in the student movement , i hear . your explanation won't wash ; it's too improbable to be true . your explanation sounds plausible , but it just doesn't hold water . you may have good reason to think that your youth is over . your success will largely depend upon how you will make good use of your opportunity . your success depends upon whether you work hard or not . your success depends on whether you pass the step examination or not . which of your parents do you take after in character ? let me put down your new phone number in my notebook . your principles are not consistent with your actions . your advice has helped me see the light regarding my future . without your help , we wouldn't be able to carry out our plan . your argument is not any more convincing than that of my stubborn father . pull your car out a bit , i can't back my car out . your car makes too much noise . you should have it looked at . it is important that you attach your photo to the application form . your question does not bear on the subject under discussion . look up the definition of 'guy' in your dictionary . could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days ? your point may be a little off target , but it certainly is close . the population of your city is about five times as large as that of my town . when your business gets rolling we'll talk about an increase . your composition was good except for the spelling . your composition is very good , and it has few mistakes . your composition is perfect except for a few mistakes . your composition is free from all grammatical mistakes .
eng	 when talking about your last results , it is dependent on the last examination . explain to him the difficult situation you are in . you should come early in order for him to read your manuscript before your speech . your behavior is in conflict with your principles . what you are saying is equal to " no " , isn't it ? what you are saying is nothing but building a castle in the air . admitting what you say , i still think you are wrong . admitting what you say , i still think that you were wrong . i admit that what you say is true , but i don't like the way you say it . though i admit what you say , i still think you are wrong . admitting what you say , i still think i am right . while i accept what you say , i still think i'm right . admitting what you say , i still think you are mistaken . admitting what you say , i still think you are in the wrong . while i see what you say , i can't accept your offer . what you say is quite different from what i heard from him . if what you say is true , it follows that he has an alibi . admittedly your plan makes sense , but i still think it will be very hard to carry out . had it not been for your cooperation , i could not have finished the work in time . the sooner you return , the happier your father will be . let's discuss your love problems on the way back from school . the time has come for you to play your trump card . if it had not been for your aid , i would not have succeeded in my business . if it had not been for your support , he would have failed in business . your english composition leaves nothing to be desired . are your opinions representative of those of the other students ? your opinion is off the mark . that's plain to anyone . do you think that you can put your idea into practice ? if it had not been for your raincoat , i would have been drenched to the skin . had it not been for your raincoat , i would have been drenched to the skin . what's new with you ? how is your new job working out ? your team doesn't have a prayer to win the championship game . i'm not going out on a limb for you because you never helped me before . you should keep company with such men as can benefit you . don't be angry with me , for i did it for your sake . your shirt is torn . you better put on another shirt . this advice of yours will go a long way toward solving the problem . you'll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth . your mother must have been beautiful when she was young . i think your father hoped you would go to college . a friend of your father's friend is not always your father's friend . your sister looks as noble as if she were a princess . while i understand what you say , i can't agree with you . your idea cannot be brand new . i heard about it from another source last year . you can count on the $3 , 000 i have promised you . your telegram arrived just as i was about to telephone you . i couldn't call you ; the telephone was out of order . i am counting on you to deliver the opening address . i feel indebted to you for your help during my illness .
eng	 you seem to be insensible of their good intentions . i hope you have brains enough to see the difference . when you put it so strongly , i can't say i don't agree . you play the guitar quite like a professional , don't you ? i thought you'd be the last person to do such a thing . you could get into the guinness book of world records as the heaviest drinker . there is a fundamental difference between your opinion and mine . i'd love to go with you to the show , but i'm flat broke . i beg to differ , as i disagree with your analysis of the situation . listen , um , i was wondering , what are you and molly doing tonight ? you and i are good friends , but we have little in common . all you have to do is to learn this sentence by heart . compare your translation with the one on the blackboard . compare your sentence with the one on the blackboard . there are merits and demerits to both your opinions so i'm not going to decide right away which to support . i think i might join you , but i haven't decided yet . not only you but also he is ignorant of the truth . you are not the only one responsible for it , i am too . i'm quite all right if you have no objection to it . i hadn't recognized the importance of this document until you told me about it . i'm amazed by the ease with which you solve the problem . i take it from your silence that you are not satisfied with my answer . we thought we would write out the directions , in case you got lost . i would like you to think about what you would have done in my place . it is not necessary for you to take his advice if you don't want to . didn't they teach you common sense as well as typing at the school where you studied ? whether you like her or not , you can't marry her . i'll take over your duties while you are away from japan . i don't object to your going out to work , but who will look after the children ? i'm very happy you'll be visiting tokyo next month . it is difficult for you to climb to the mountaintop . it's quite plain that you haven't been paying attention . i sincerely hope that you will soon recover from your illness . unless you make a decision quickly , the opportunity will be lost . it is not surprising that you should be scolded by your teacher . whether you will succeed or not depends on your efforts . what happened to the girl you were sharing the bedroom with ? if it were not for your help , i might have failed . thanks to your help , i could understand the book quite well . the reason why you failed is you did not try hard enough . when you speak of a pay - raise before recognition , i am inclined to think you are putting the cart before the horse . a time will come when you will regret your action . i think it's a pity you could not come to our party . i hope you will join us in the parade and march along the street . i will wait until you have finished your homework . with your approval , i would like to offer him the job . it was wise of you to take your umbrella with you . the paint on the seat on which you are sitting is still wet .
eng	 it will not make much difference whether you go today or tomorrow . what you've just told me chimes in with what i heard yesterday . it is necessary for you to go and encourage the girl . the picture you are looking at is a copy of a picasso . the picture you are looking at costs 100 , 000 yen . what i can't make out is why you have changed your mind . by the time you get out of jail , she'll probably have gotten married . i wish you could drop in at my house on your way home . it is important for you to learn a foreign language . hearing you sing , people might take you for a girl . say what you will , he won't accept your invitation . say what you will , i will act on my own judgement . it's good to talk things over before you buy something . i can no more speak french than you can speak english . what is the main purpose of your studying english ? if you could only speak english , you would be perfect . would you mind making an extra cup of coffee whenever you decide to have some ? i enjoyed the holiday all the better for being with you . as long as you stick to one style , you can't hit upon a wonderful idea . you're going to leave for london next sunday , aren't you ? it is because you are lazy that you cannot write your report . i will come on monday unless you write to the contrary . i stayed home last night to be able to receive your call . in terms of the pay you will get , is this a good job ? if you were to fall from that bridge , it would be almost impossible to rescue you . i think it's wonderful that you're going on a picnic . say what you will , i think he is an honest person . however fast you may walk , you can't catch up with him . try as you may , you will not be able to read as many as five novels in a day . i have a good mind to strike you for being so rude . no matter where you may go , don't forget to write to me . i will do my best to put such an idea out of your head . how can i feel relaxed , with you watching me like that ? it is outrageous that you should spend so much money . it makes no difference to me whether you believe it or not . it makes little difference to me whether you believe it or not . it is no wonder that you are turning down the proposal . what made it difficult for you to carry out the plan ? it is absolutely necessary that you be at the meeting . you gave me a real surprise when you showed up there . there is no reason why you shouldn't do such a thing . there are a good many reasons why you shouldn't do it . we will pay you according to the amount of work you do . i'm glad you enjoy skiing , but i guess it's just not my cup of tea . it is out of the question for you to go to new york this weekend . with you here beside me i'm not afraid of anything . you're my fortress . it is because you work too much that you are sleepy all the time . you can talk until you're blue in the face , but you'll never convince me . laugh as much as you like ; i'll stick to my plan to the bitter end . if only you had told me the whole story at that time ! we think it is very dangerous that you're climbing the mountain alone .
eng	 have you ever seen mt . fuji ? it is beautiful beyond description . chestnuts have to be boiled for at least fifteen minutes . the bear left no stone unturned in his search for fat bugs under the rocks . bears also tend to sleep more during the day than at night , although in the summer , with twenty - four hours of light , this does not apply . when bears sleep or lie down , their postures depend on whether they want to get rid of heat or conserve it . please remove your shoes before entering the house . your feet are swollen because your shoes are too small . the sumida is not a good river for us to swim in any more . the man in the corner addressed himself to the husband . it just so happened that mr yamada came from the same town . it is true that he did it , whether by accident or by design . i happened to witness the bullying in the corridor . it happened that i saw my friend walking in the distance . judging from the look of the sky , it will be fine tomorrow . judging from the look of the sky , it may rain at any moment . judging from the look of the sky , we may have snow tomorrow . judging from the look of the sky , it is going to snow . judging from the look of the sky , it may rain this afternoon . judging from the look of the sky , it will clear up in the afternoon . judging from the look of the sky , it is likely to rain . from the look of the sky , it may begin to snow tonight . from the look of the sky i'm afraid the rain won't let up for a while . hunger compelled the boy to steal money from the cash register . it is a shameful fact that , while there are lands where people suffer from hunger , within japan there are many households and restaurants where much food is thrown away . in his fantasy , he imagined he was a famous writer . with the power of imagination , we can even travel through space . there is no sense in standing when there are seats available . how long do you think it will take to go to the airport ? how long does the airport bus take to the airport ? as soon as he arrived at the airport , he phoned his office . arriving at the airport , i saw the plane taking off . upon arriving at the airport , he said , " i'm glad i could come back . " there were hundreds of taxis at the airport , all touting for business . upon arriving at the airport , he made a phone call to his wife . a time bomb went off in the airport killing thirteen people . please tell me which railway line to use from the airport to downtown . how long does it take to your office from the airport ? is there a shuttle bus between the hotel and airport ? is it possible to take a shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel ? because of the problem of air pollution , the bicycle may some day replace the automobile . as for the air , there is always some moisture in the atmosphere , but when the amount increases a great deal , it affects the light waves . air quality has deteriorated these past few years . the idea that air has weight was surprising to the child . if it were not for air and water , we could not live .
eng	 the balloon descended gradually as the air came out . if there were no air , man could not live even ten minutes . without air there can be no wind or sound on the moon . seen against the sky , the mountain looked really beautiful . it is difficult to shoot a bird flying in the air . the sky grew darker and darker , and the wind blew harder and harder . air travel is fast ; sea travel is , however , restful . there are so many stars in the sky , i can't count them all . the contrast between the sky and the mountain is striking . we have three spare rooms , none of which can be used . drinking on an empty stomach is bad for your health . the brightness of the sky showed that the storm had passed . seen from the sky , the bridge appears more beautiful . seen from the sky , the river looked like a huge snake . seen from the sky , the island was very beautiful . who lives without folly is not so wise as he thinks . his parents' view was that he was wasting his earnings on a silly girl . if you're not prepared to take the trouble to learn how to train a dog , don't get one . we arrived at that plan out of pure desperation , but the book sold well . after all the trouble we went to in coming up with that project , it only took them a second to shoot it down in the meeting . make sure that the complaints are dealt with as quickly as possible . i make it a rule not to watch television after nine o'clock . by september the burst in spending seemed to be tapering off . by september i will have known her for a whole year . there is a shuttle bus that goes to the ginza tokyu hotel . you'll see the bank on the left hand side of the hospital . the bank accommodated him with a loan of 10 , 000 yen . banks are cutting lending to industrial borrowers . the bank came through with the loan we had requested . banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers . i recognized the bank teller as the man i had seen in the movie theater . i've got to get some money somehow to repay the bank loan . you'll have to get off at the bank and take the a52 . some people do not like to deposit their money in banks . the balance at the bank stands at two million yen . while employed at the bank , he taught economics at college . i'm afraid the bank is going to repossess my house . banks will try to lend you an umbrella on a sunny day , but they will turn their backs on a rainy day . a banking scandal is sweeping across capitol hill . how do you expect to weather the financial storm when the bank refuses to extend a helping hand ? it is difficult to peg the direction of interest deregulation . bank lending is rising because of lower interest rates . falling interest rates have stimulated the automobile market . six percent home loans represent the industry average now . can you manage to complete the manuscript by friday ? he said he would give us his decision for sure by friday . on friday night , three men came into mr white's hotel and asked for rooms . there will be a dance friday night at the high school . there were no tickets available for friday's performance .
eng	 interest rates will rise due to monetary tightening . costs of financial services are rising in every country . apart from earning money , i have no interest in real estate . take part in the activity not for money but for learning through experience . there are many things which we cannot evaluate in terms of money . the rich merchant adopted the boy and made him his heir . some people identify success with having much money . just because a man is rich it does not necessarily follow that he is happy . we see things differently according to whether we are rich or poor . regardless of the amount , brian wants the correct , entire amount by next week . the gold coin was much more valuable than was supposed . the loss of money made it impossible for him to go abroad . some people look down on others because they have less money . no money , no job , no friends . he was truly at loose ends . i wouldn't like to be in his position , for all his wealth . as soon as there is any talk of paying , he cools down . send me the best employees that money can buy . money is no object . money and i are strangers ; in other words , i am poor . it goes without saying that money cannot buy happiness . in this harsh , petty world where money does the talking , his way of life is like a breath of fresh air . have more month left over at the end of the money . if i had money , i would pay what i owe you . as it is , i can't pay . if i were rich , i would do so . as it is , i can do nothing . the neighboring countries never submitted to his terrorism . prices have been gradually rising in recent years . many local traditions have fallen into decay in recent years . in recent years , science has made remarkable progress . modern travel enables us to go around the world in a few days . in recent years electronic computers have become increasingly important . chemistry has made notable progress in recent years . we are going to make up for lost time by taking a short cut . the lack of modern post facilities caused trouble for many shippers . the art of modern warfare does not necessarily require soldiers to be armed to the teeth to be effective as combatants . the advancement of modern medicine was a long process . before saying goodbye to their neighbors , the smiths had to tie up some loose ends inside the house . our american neighbor will have lived in japan for five years next year . i'm a regular at a restaurant in this neighborhood . let's have lunch there today . there are a handful of naughty boys in my neighborhood . there has been another case of cholera in the neighborhood . the number of japanese students returning after life abroad has been increasing as of late . the sudden increase of cars is causing a large number of traffic accidents every day . nowadays we are apt to forget the benefits of nature . these days more and more people are traveling abroad . the recent frequency of earthquakes makes us nervous . that young critic is in high demand in a lot of places . it is not rare for girls today to talk as if they were boys .
eng	 these days you can't walk down the street without seeing people dropping litter . these days , the motives for marriage are not necessarily pure . i'm looking forward to seeing you again before long . the chill of coming winter discouraged our picnic . what do you make of his attitude towards us these days ? as these days most parents indulge their children , many children don't know what good manners are . these days , the motive for marriage is not necessarily pure . these days , the motive for marriage is not necessarily pure . take jennifer for example . recently juvenile delinquency has been on the rise . please drop in when you happen to be in the neighborhood . how about playing catch in the vacant lot near by ? we could hear the donnnng . . . donnnng of the church bells nearby . i would like to repay your kindness in the near future . in the near future , we may have a big earthquake in japan . there is no telling what will happen in the near future . in the near future , space travel will no longer be just a dream . there will be an energy crisis in the near future . in the near future , we will be able to put an end to aids . before long , we'll be able to communicate with each other by t . v . telephone . we will soon most likely be charged for garbage disposal by how much of it there is . they dance in circles to communicate a short distance , and shake their bodies and dart back and forth to indicate a longer distance . one of these fine days he will get his just deserts . they say we'll have an earthquake one of these days . it is said that there will be a big earthquake in the near future . this city will suffer from an acute water shortage unless it rains soon . i'm looking forward to seeing you one of these days . the fiscal austerity may lead to an overkill of the economy . i canceled my appointment because of urgent business . i need to make an urgent call . is there a public phone near here ? don't look to me for any help except in case of emergency . what number should i call in case of an emergency ? in case of an emergency , get in touch with my agent . in case of an emergency , get in touch with my agent right away . during prohibition days , racketeers used to rub each other out to get control of the rum - running racket . could we have a table in the non - smoking section ? there are marked and rapidly , steadily increasing health benefits to giving up . the sooner you give up , the greater the benefits . please refrain from smoking , while the non - smoking signs are on . the police officer on duty sensed an elderly man coming up behind him . the workers complained when their working hours were extended . his diligence and good conduct earned him the scholarship . she became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense . it goes without saying that diligence is a key to success . needless to say , diligence is a key to happiness . tears came into my eyes when i was chopping onions . don't go to extremes . to be moderate is important in anything . he does not , in short , write with the candor of a man who is completely confident of his thesis .
eng	 though imperfectly , he finished writing his manuscript . the director wanted the local asahi reporter to go to the scene of the crime . i'm glad we didn't go there because there were some localized heavy rain showers . we decided to branch out into selling some foodstuffs . an accomplishment cannot be looked upon as yours unless you have paddled your own canoe . a delivery man is dropping off an arrangement of artificial flowers . fair competition is necessary for the healthy growth of industry . between astonishment and sorrow , she could not speak a word . the vase on my desk overturned when i jumped up in surprise . to my surprise , she could not answer the question . to my surprise , there were no people in the village . to my surprise , the child came here by himself all the way from yokohama . to his surprise , she was nowhere in sight , and he wondered if she had returned home alone . to our surprise , our son has suddenly shot up recently . to my surprise , he got married to a very beautiful actress . surprisingly enough , he turned out to be a thief . surprisingly , he did his last job in one - third the time it would take me . to our surprise , tom came to our party with mary . to my surprise , the noted psychologist was accused of a kidnapping . to my surprise , the anthropologist was accused of murder . fragments of the mirror were scattered on the floor . in nostalgic moments we may tend to think of childhood as a time of almost unbroken happiness . to be an interesting person you have to feed and exercise your mind . the phenomenon of interest is in itself , a most interesting subject . getting excited is not at all the same as getting angry . as he grew excited , he spoke more and more rapidly . the excited woman tried to explain the accident all in one breath . when the excitement died down , the discussion resumed . wet blankets are not always unpleasant after you get to know them . i waited for the curtain to rise with my heart beating in excitement . a small road ran across the bridge , through the fields , and over a hill . two fat men trying to pass through a narrow doorway are in checkmate . it is no use trying to separate the sheep from the goats while in a state of madness . as he crossed the bridge , he looked down at the stream . the bridge will be completed by the end of this year . the bridge couldn't sustain the force of the strong current and collapsed . bids were solicited for the building of the bridge . with the bridge destroyed , there was nothing to do but swim . in culture , they are on the same plane as savages . as is often the case with educated people , he likes classical music better than jazz . the fact that educated americans in general no longer share understandable background knowledge is a chief cause of their inability to communicate effectively . my driving instructor says i should be more patient . the professor ordered some new books from new york . the professor made sure the test was checked carefully . our professor promised to hold off on the final exam for another week .
eng	 the professor thought it rude to say such a thing . can you take notes for me during the professor's talk ? it was ordered that the classroom be put in order . it is the students' duty to clean their classrooms . as soon as he entered the classroom , our teacher burst into angry speech . i found that i had left my umbrella behind in the classroom . there was an expensive camera left in the classroom . there were few students remaining in the classroom . the teachers are trying to motivate their students . the teacher is likely to get angry with the students . the teacher often emphasizes that students should have courage . the teacher caught the student cheating on the examination . teachers should give their children faith that tomorrow will be brighter and happier . a teacher should never laugh at his students' mistakes . teachers stimulate the students' interest , have them think , ask questions , and debate among themselves . the teacher accused one of his students of being noisy in class . the teacher was worried by tom's frequent absence from class . teachers should occasionally let their students blow off some steam . teachers should treat all their students impartially . although teachers give a lot of advice , students don't always take it . a teacher should never make fun of a pupil who makes a mistake . the salary of a teacher is lower than that of a lawyer . it is not fitting for a teacher to overly favor certain pupils over others . a student raised his hand when the teacher finished the reading . when the teacher is very strict , the students must mind their p's and q's . the vicar often refers to the bible in his sermon . the instructor advised me to get exercise every day . the church is decorated with flowers for the wedding . the church congregation was moved by the fine sermon . each chapter in the textbook is followed by about a dozen comprehension questions . people want more money to expand educational institutions . and i call on the chairman of the education committee to support the motion . the local school board would go to any length to ban that book . education is one of the most essential aspects of life . education does not consist simply in learning a lot of facts . education must not be limited to our youth , but it must be a continuing process through our entire lives . the goal of education is not wealth or status , but personal development . education should be carried further than it is now . it is impossible to exaggerate the importance of education . one of the great superstitions about education is that learning is the result of teaching . more money for education will spur economic growth . education doesn't consist of learning a lot of facts . education means something more than going to school . education should not be a burden on the parents as well as on the children . where did you go for that 30 minutes you were gone ? sorry , but can you show me the way to the next village ? i am very sorry , but i must cancel our appointment for february 27 . the victim of blackmail has been paying hush money for years , but now he realizes it is foolish , and he has decided not to pay a red cent more .
eng	 it is probable that he will win the speech contest . the bold man glanced at the gangster with hatred and contempt . mr . satoyama's work made a big impression in the world of haiku . passing through the strong wind , the planes rock like this , but don't worry . the strong wind cut the electric wires in several places . fanned by a strong wind , the fire spread in an instant . the thieves knocked off another bank today in a daytime robbery . the burglar broke into the post office in broad daylight . the burglar tied my hands behind my back with a rope . the robbers made away with all the money in the safe . the cat burglar must have entered the mansion from the roof . the burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene . have you heard that a burglar broke into my neighbor's house ? as long as there are sovereign nations possessing great power , war is inevitable . the aggressive salesman urged me to sign the contract right away . due to the intense sunlight , his back was sunburnt . i was drenched to the skin because of the heavy rain . it is hard to wake up without a strong cup of coffee . when you want cooperation , share the work among many hands . we can lift the restrictions on imports once the joint agreement is signed . there is very little probability of an agreement being reached . the association is still a far cry from being well organized . the fingerprints left on the weapon correspond with the suspect's . the gop accused the democrats of pork barrel politics . a republic is a nation whose head is not a king or queen , but a president . we suggested kyoritsu bussan approach you for assistance . they came to terms with each other on how to start a joint venture . two different parties with common interests were on the warpath when he cut in to settle the dispute . communism is the system practiced in the soviet union . communism was the political system in the union of soviet socialist republics , but that stopped in 1993 . in communism , the means of production are owned by the state . as communism has collapsed , capitalism is now accused of trying to " dominate the world . " we will be willing to make a deal with you after the auction . before the horse race begins , the jockeys grip the reins tightly to restrain the impatient horses . with horse racing and such , these are called " stakes " . for this meaning the plural form is often used . i'm tickled pink about winning 10 , 000 yen at the horse races . the horses are coming down the track and it's neck and neck . having run the race , jane had two glasses of barley tea . effectively dealing with competition is an important part of life . your name was given to us by mr . hayashi of keiyo steel corporation . you should visit kyoto , which is famous for its old temples and shrines . kyoto gets thousands of visitors from all over the world each year . kyoto gets lots of visitors from all over the world . kyoto is internationally famous for its scenic beauty . the charm of kyoto consists of the beauty of its old temples .
eng	 don't forget to give us a ring when you arrive in kyoto . i would often visit the museum when i lived in kyoto . a heavy snow fell in kyoto for the first time in ages . speaking of kyoto , have you ever visited the kinkakuji temple ? how about stopping over at kyoto and sightseeing at the old capital ? in kyoto , you can see both old and modern buildings . from the airport , the keisei line sky - liner will take you to ueno station in 75 minutes . kyoko had the kindness to carry my baggage for me . i don't know exactly where kyoko lives , but it's in the direction of sannomiya . please hide the blueberry jam where takako can't see it . there are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it . fish and meat are both nourishing , but the latter is more expensive than the former . i have no intention of fishing in troubled waters . two dogs fight for a bone , and the third runs away with it . the fisherman exaggerated the size of the fish he had caught . a fishing light wavers under the lee of an island . you shouldn't read people's private letters without permission . you cannot take a picture in the theater without permission . i'm going to speak to you with utmost candor so i want you to take everything i'm about to say at face value . a huge federal budget deficit has been plaguing the american economy for many years . i have two tickets to the yomiuri giants - chunichi dragons night game . want to go ? we're doing the same old routine : going bar hopping and then to karaoke . those who were present were disappointed at the report . while i was playing video games in the living room , mom asked me if i would go shopping with her . since i failed last year , i don't want to try again . thanks to the amusement park built last year , the city has become popular . i took a cooking class last spring and learned to bake bread . last summer , i always took a walk in the morning . the village which i visited last summer was a small one in nagano prefecture . it was not until last summer that my oldest son learned to swim . as compared with last summer , we haven't had so much rain this year . last year's pop hit was set off by a serial tv drama . compared with last year , this year's crops are much better . i grew tomatoes last year and they were very good . out of sight out of mind . when you're separated you lose touch . my sister married a high school teacher last june . milk can be made into butter , cheese , and many other things . milk will do you good . you'd better drink it every day . it will be four years before the definite result of beef liberalization emerges . have you got any preference between beef and lamb ? and he chased the cattle , the sheep , and the people out of the temple . the cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass . an ox is captured by the horns , a person is bound by his word . cows are more useful than any other animal in this country . my old friend wrote to me , informing me of his return from abroad . i've used up my wages , but i have my bank account to fall back on .
eng	 the salary is fixed according to age and experience . the wages will be paid in proportion to the work done . pay will be based on experience and educational background . aside from his salary , he receives money from investments . his low salary prevents him from buying the house . you should not despise a man because he is poorly paid . this is a better way of paying people , according to paula grayson . the income tax rate increases in proportion as your salary rises . on behalf of my classmates , let me say a few words of thanks to you . some of my classmates passed the examination , but the others didn't . ultimately , space flight will be beneficial to all mankind . i quickly laugh at everything , for fear of having to cry . there is only one day left , whether we like it or not . don't shout at the crying child . it only adds fuel to the fire . the young man who has not wept is a savage , and the old man who will not laugh is a fool . the job advertisement specifically requested females . the rescue workers are going to hand out supplies to the victims of the earthquake . where should i go to be admitted into the emergency room ? the ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital . the ambulance broke down in the middle of the busy avenue . the rescue worker searched the area , looking for the child . the rescue flight had to reckon with strong winds and freezing temperatures . urgent business kept me from going shopping with you . urgent business kept him from going to the concert . a sudden illness forced her to cancel her appointment . a sudden illness prevented me from going to the station to meet him . the express train does not stop between shibuya and naka - meguro . the express train is an hour faster than the local . the express train went by so fast that we hardly saw it . the express starts at six and gets into tokyo at nine . to take an express train , we have to get an express ticket in addition to an ordinary ticket . i suddenly stood up and felt faint and light - headed . i'm sorry we gave you such short notice of our visit . don't take that dramatic attitude all of a sudden . all of a sudden , large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky . suddenly jim pulled the car up in front of the bank . all of a sudden , three dogs appeared in front of us . suddenly , it started to look almost nice and warm . hurry up , or you will be late for the last train . there is no hurry ; you have five days to think the matter over . hurry up , and you will be able to catch the train . don't dash off a sloppily written report filled with mistakes . having been written in haste , his letter was hard to read . having been written in haste , the book has a lot of errors . as it was written in haste , the book has many faults . having been written in a hurry , this letter has many mistakes in it . as it had been written in haste , the report was poor . it is better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes . it's better to take your time than to hurry and make mistakes . i hurried to the station only to find that the train had already left .
eng	 i avoid crossing the street here if i am in a hurry . be more careful . rushing through things is going to ruin your work . our bus comes late , particularly when we are in a hurry . that sort of thing can happen when you are in haste . when you're in a hurry , it's easy to make a mistake . people who are not in a hurry stand on the right side of the escalator . hurry up . the train leaves in ten minutes . we don't want to miss it . even though she rushed , the elderly woman missed the last train . instead of taking a rest , he worked much harder than usual . i'm just sorting out some suitable clothes to take on holiday . i'd like to spend my holidays reading history books or classics . if we were to rest a little , we would feel surely feel much more refreshed . during the interval , takashi and harumi got a drink at the theater bar . if you work too long without a rest , it begins to tell on you . you have only a short rest , so make the best of it . pretty soon we'd better wrap up this break and get back to work . during the vacation , i read the entire works of milton . during the vacation my sister and i stayed at a small village at the foot of mt . fuji . while we were on holiday , a neighbor took care of our cat . let's take advantage of the vacation to mow the lawn . the number of students who travel abroad for vacation is increasing . let's take advantage of the vacation to go on a hike . we argued with each other about the best place for a holiday . we must make the most of our vacation , as it is so short . have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays ? would you look after my children while i am away on vacation ? when the vacation is over , i will catch up with a lot of work . when i return from vacation , i shall have to catch up with a lot of work . in her leisure time , she enjoys swimming and tennis . please come and see us sometime during the vacation . too long a holiday makes one reluctant to start work again . hearing this song after so long really brings back the old times . an old friend of mine dropped in on me for the first time in ages . it's been so long since we last met up . let's have a drink or two and talk about the good old days . please forgive me for not having written for a long time . after running up the hill , i was completely out of breath . the wind blew harder yet when we reached the top of the hill . the building which stands on the hillside is our school . our school on the hill commands a full view of mt . fuji . the old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century . situated on a hill , his house commands a fine view . standing as it does on a hill , the hotel commands a fine view of the bay . from the hill , we could see all the buildings in the city . lots of campers were parked all over the hill - side . we can get a beautiful view of the sea from the hill . she carries on smiling even in the face of adversity . despite adversity , the ingenious man achieved worldwide fame . despite adversity , the architect achieved worldwide fame .
eng	 from an objective viewpoint , his argument was far from rational . when the visitor entered the room , we stood to greet him . as i entered the café , i found two young men watching a wrestling match on television . as i entered a tearoom , i found two young men watching a wrestling match on television . smokers are far more likely to develop lung cancer than non - smokers are . if people who smoke are deprived of their cigarettes , they get nervous and irritable . smokers take twice as many days off sick as non - smokers . smoking is now banned on all domestic plane flights . don't forget the fact that smoking is bad for your health . it's foolish to think that smoking has little to do with cancer . the habit of smoking is very difficult to get rid of . smokers are as aware as anybody else of the disadvantages of their hobby , but manage to live with that knowledge for two main reasons . some people find it easier to grasp the short - term effects of smoking . short - term effects of smoking include unfitness , wheezing , a general vulnerability to illness , bad breath , bad skin and so on . most people killed by smoking were not heavy smokers . there is no denying the fact that smoking is harmful . smoking is responsible for many cases of lung cancer . we have absolute proof that smoking is bad for your health . yoshino is a place famous for its cherry blossoms . hello , i have a reservation , my name is kaori yoshikawa . here is the confirmation card . my argument is indebted in a number of places to the aesthetic theories of adorno , horkheimer and others . the essential points of my argument have been expressed in the preceding pages . the bell went off right in the middle of our discussion . imagine , for the sake of argument , a tribal group in which mother - son incest was countenanced . no one could get the better of him in an argument . after they argued , they didn't speak to each other for a week . the discussion produced a great deal of noise , but no forward motion . the chairman should take the minority opinion into account . the chairman would only make her comments off the record . the chairman suggested that we should discuss the problem . the chairman put forward an important plan at the meeting . the chairman did not rule out the possibility of a disagreement . the chairperson has been associated with the organization for ten years . she attended the meeting at the request of the chairman . the bill was eviscerated before being passed by the legislature . parliament has its beginnings in 14th - century england . do you know when the first parliament came into being ? my sister - in - law had four children in five years . yoshio said he would pay as much as 15000 yen for a new pair of basketball shoes , but i thought that was quite expensive . my brother - in - law is ready to lose his temper at trifles . there's a blind man looking for a shadow of doubt . the question is whether mike knew the fact or not . it was not what he said , but the way he said it that made me suspicious .
eng	 the engineer seeks not so much to know nature as to make use of it . the shortage of engineers is the greatest bottleneck to the development of our company . technological innovation brought about the rapid progress of the information industry . thanks to the technological innovation , the maximum output of the factory has doubled . the engineer demonstrated how to operate the sophisticated system . what is the difference between imitation and real diamonds ? experience without learning is better than learning without experience . fortune is the rod of the weak , and the staff of the brave . there's no telling what kind of trouble this proposal might stir up . the result is certainly going to be something to see . in the days of the knights , they wore shields to protect themselves from sword - fight wounds . the prospect of famine hangs over many areas of the world . because of the famine , the cattle starved to death . can you share food with others in the face of famine ? we can say that japan was fighting a constant battle against hunger during the war . it is sad that so few people give money to help the hungry . i gasped with surprise at the horrible picture of the starving people . she rushed to the office , and was ushered right into an examination room . she was very shy about her emergency problem , and asked the gynecologist to please examine her . your tap water is too hard . get a water softener . you have tennis elbow . soak your arm in warm water . a valuable object decreases in value if it is damaged . can you spare me a few minutes of your valuable time ? would you please send me details of your products via e - mail as an attachment ? we would like to distribute your product in japan . if the quality of your product meets with our customer's approval , we will place regular orders . what is the percentage of overseas markets for your products ? i'd like some information about your new computers . i learned about your portable copier at the tokyo - office '97 expo . it was a great pleasure for me to meet many associates of your company . please tell me the closest station to your office . your technical manager arranged a meeting for 1 : 00 p . m . on april 6 , but how about april 7 , at 10 : 00 a . m . ? please change your database to reflect the new address as follows . we are afraid that our new address is not registered on your database . we have considered your proposal , and we have decided that we are not able to reduce the price . in reply to your request , we offer you an extra discount of 5% on this order . i would appreciate it if you could book a room at a convenient location for visiting your office . we appreciate the opportunity you've given us to learn more about your organization . we would like to ask for your help in clearing up our financial problems with your company . any orders you place with us will be processed promptly . please inform us as to what quantity you can deliver at regular intervals . here is our answer to your fax message dated april 1st .
eng	 on top of the statue , sadako is holding a golden crane over her head . the commemorative ceremony ended with the closing address . reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy . during the press conference , the president touched on foreign relations . the journalist was too upset to distinguish vice from virtue . the reporter covered the gas explosion in shibuya . a reporter is interviewing dr . patterson about koko , a talking gorilla . most people think that gorillas are stupid . is that true ? the length of the article is not to exceed 1000 words . people who regularly work in the open air do not suffer from sleeplessness . an orderly lifestyle and a regular diet are the keys to health . anyone breaking the rules will be asked to leave on the spot . all of the rules must be in line with company policy . the rules must be few , and what is more important , simple . the rules must be few and , more importantly , simple . the rule requires that theses be written in english . gas is a little cheaper with self - service , now that deregulation is kicking in . in 776 b . c . , the first olympic games were held at the foot of mount olympus to honor the greeks' chief god , zeus . by the year 2020 , the population of our city will have doubled . we can clearly see the cycle of the seasons in canada . a whistle blew , and the boat slowly began to pull out of port . a steamship is , without a doubt , a city in itself . the train was held up for two hours on account of the snowstorm . the train was so crowded that i was kept standing all the way . the train left the station and had soon disappeared from view . i had my purse and commutation ticket stolen while i was sleeping on the train . we were roused at daybreak by the whistle of a train . the train was delayed , so i could not arrive there on time . we should take into account that the train was delayed . they waved good - bye to their parents as the train pulled out . as the train was crowded , i kept standing all the way to kyoto . if your windows are not airtight , moisture will seep in . why don't we drive out to the country for a change of pace ? i wish you would take me to a restaurant for a change . if you need a change of pace , why don't you come for a visit ? i felt ill and was admitted to the hospital , but in the event , it was nothing serious . i don't feel well . could you give me some medicine ? it is easy to get the cranky man's goat by teasing him . the generous dentist contributed some two billion yen to charity . it was a pleasant day , but there were few people in the park . for somebody who feels rushed all the time , i sure make slow progress . the climate has much to do with our mind and body . because of the difference in climate , the same crop is not cultivated in both the northern and the eastern parts of the country . the climate affected the growth of trees and plants . do you think our climate has an influence on our character ? i can't get over how different the weather is here . take it easy . i can assure you that chances are in your favor .
eng	 the temperature has been below freezing for several days . it's fine to make grandiose plans , but i'd like you to start with what you have on your plate . she'll get the better of you if you aren't careful . if you're not careful , you might slip and fall on the icy steps . after an awkward pause , bill took her by the hand and dragged her upstairs . he is a good fellow , to be sure , but he isn't reliable . it's not easy to part with one's favorite possessions . it took him a moment to realize where he was after he came to . in the car on the way home , he was making plans for the next day . on my way home , i fell asleep on the train and rode past my station . on his way home , tom met a man who he thought was an american . i may have to come home late ; if i do , i'll call you . returnees have trouble getting used to life in japan . i will inquire about the matter after i return home . why don't you look in on mr anderson on your way back ? i'm fixing the radio which i found on my way home . hopefully you can rest and relax on the flight home . would you mind picking up something on the way back ? it'd be great if you could pick up some bread before you come home . how many pieces of carry - on are you going to take ? the captain will go to the meteorological office to get a weather briefing . passengers became nervous when the plane began to vibrate . the locomotive was pulling a long line of freight cars . the agonies of the machine age do not originate from the machines as such . it is impossible to substitute machines for people themselves . one should always make the most of one's opportunities . thanks to the opportunity , we were able to avoid substantial effort . a family should not spend all of its money to keep someone alive on a machine . you should see this film if you get the opportunity . you should change your job if the occasion arises . it's a pity we didn't visit tom when we had the chance . the plane rose sharply before leveling off as it left the coast . when the time is ripe , be bold and go for it ! i'll stand by you . the results of the term examination were anything but satisfactory . i have to give myself up to studying for final exams . i've really got to buckle down and study for our final exams . as had been expected , the weather turned out to be very fine . as was expected , he succeeded in winning the prize . she knew what it was like for married women to look after houses , husbands and children . we tend to welcome only proofs of what we already know . the odds are against me , so i think i'll quit now . when i tried to move the desk , one of its legs made a jarring sound as it scraped across the floor . the lamp on the desk had an out - of - kilter lampshade . you cannot appreciate the poem until you have read it many times . the treaty has been concluded after many twists and turns . after having fought many hard battles , we were able to bring home the bacon and set up a new government . some people kept interrupting the speakers , and finally broke up the meeting .
eng	 the importation of rare wild animals to this country is strictly prohibited . when you take shelter , make sure you go under a big tree . what with joy and shame , she blushed to the ears . i know you're happy about it . why don't you just show it ? strange to say , the figure went out of sight suddenly . strangely , the number of students is decreasing each year . a strange fellow , he never speaks unless spoken to . strange to say , he met someone who was said to be dead . curiously , a flower bloomed on the withered up tree . he won't be able to escape from there without a miracle , will he ? unless there is a miracle , we won't be able to make it on time . the master plan includes programs to provide employment as well as recreation . that game is easy , once you learn the basic rules . it is foolish of you to build a castle in the air while forgetting to drive in pilings for its foundation . you could tell by the ear - to - ear grin that came to his face that he really had something to smile about . it is easier to sympathize with sorrow than to sympathize with joy . in a crisis , you must get in touch with your teacher . it is essential to keep calm in a time of crisis and avoid going haywire . she wasn't hurt , but she got goose bumps when her car nearly crashed . it was a close call when the little girl almost drowned in the lake . corporate bankruptcies continued at a high level last month . corporate earnings in the first quarter improved sharply . the deterioration of corporate earnings has yet to bottom out . one problem is how the enterprises arrange posts for excellent female students , but another important point is whether the educational industry can grow and supply creative students needed for japan's future . improving corporate performances are behind the stock market recovery . scott is an entrepreneur with much spirit of enterprise . corporations are downsizing and reducing the amount of profits they put back into r&d . corporate political donations are coming under heavy scrutiny . stock prices soared in active trading as corporations announced good financial results . company attorneys are working around the clock to complete the merger . i'm getting little pimples on my face . i wonder if i've been getting enough sleep lately . it's hard to tell englishmen from americans just by the way they look . i thought our boss was stubborn as a mule but actually he has his cute side . the more stubborn you are , the more isolated you become . rocks and minerals are useful for us in many ways . sitting on the rock , she sang a sweet song as she combed her hair . since the bridge looks like a pair of glasses , they call it meganebashi . the eye may see for the hand , but not for the mind . we have yet to discover an effective remedy for cancer . i'm getting sick and tired of ms maruta and her noisy friends . proponents of increased import duties are at odds with each other . i would like to stress that it is more convenient to control tariffs as a bloc rather than country by country .
eng	 they found out truth while examining a pile of relevant documents . such an accurate , lightning - quick reply . what can i say ? social unrest may come about as a result of the endless rising of prices . it's a small noisy apartment , but it's where i live and i call it home . we found the failure of the experiment at the last moment . the geyser sends up a column of hot water every two hours . business recovery , which looks just around the corner , will be rapid and strong . seen close - up , things have a way of showing their defects , their innate ugliness . by mistake i boarded a train going in the opposite direction . correct the mistake and return the file to mr luxemburg . it took him only a few minutes to realize his mistakes . people who are afraid of making mistakes will make no progress in english conversation . soon the bath was cool enough for him to get into . soon the plane begins to move , and then it takes off . the approaching exam , they knew , would be quite easy . i hope it won't be long before i can see you again . we're counting on you to wake us up in time , so don't fall asleep . investigators are trying to pin down the cause of today's fire . the crowd may be on the side of luciano , but the champ has got the skill to win and that's what matters . observation is a passive science , experimentation an active science . visiting all the tourist sights really wore me out . the tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery . the way tourists dress offends the local standard of propriety . the number of tourists has increased greatly in recent years . would you give me some travel brochures from your country ? the tourist information center gave a city map to whoever asked it . tourism is important to the economy of my country . it would demoralize the opposing team to give it the razz from the spectators' side . the audience reacted in different ways to her performance . i've staked out places for us in the front row of the auditorium . the audience was carried away by his touching performance . the audience sobbed throughout the climax of the movie . the audience was immersed in an aftertaste of the concert . the spectators were moved by her graceful performance . it is not what you read but how you read it that counts . you must begin with books like these that are easily understood . people could have avoided many mistakes by simple experiments . as it is written in simple english , this book is easy to read . briefly stated , hobsbawm's thesis is that the history of the twentieth century is that of the decline of civilization . the nurse took his temperature with a thermometer . the nurses must see to the comfort of their patients . the nurse told us not to enter the room because the patient was in a critical condition . the manager sat on the bench with his arms folded . the manager balanced the strength of his team against that of their opponent and sighed . in the film , the director makes hamlet an active person . the supervisor enforced the rules here in this factory .
eng	 he left his team as he could not get along with the manager . when it comes to sweets , i just can't control myself . the environment was the focus of student council activities . environmental pollution is causing abnormal weather conditions . fear of pollution discouraged people from building homes near power plants . how to deal with environmental pollution is a serious matter . everybody will have to pitch in to save the environment . we ought to do our best not to pollute our environment . almost no students get full marks in chinese classics . so great was his emotion that he could not utter a word . if we let our reasoning power be overshadowed by our emotions , we would be barking up the wrong tree all the time . i can't think of the right words with which to express my thanks . may i present this to you in token of my appreciation ? even though i felt that there was something strange , i just didn't know what it was . the patient was lying in the bed with his eyes closed . the doctor emphasized that the patient had only a few days . the patient was quite beyond help , so that the doctors could do no more . patients often die simply because they yield to their diseases . the condition of the patient turned for the better . i cannot say for certain that the patient will recover . the construction of a highway will contribute to the growth of the suburbs . if the hay caught fire , it would be a real disaster . the bureaucrats maintain solid ties with the gigantic corporations . bureaucrats are testing the waters over revising old regulations . it seems unlikely that any society could completely dispense with myths . you have our permission to include our software on condition that you send us a copy of the final product . making nothing of the cold , he went out in thin clothes . i don't mind the cold , but i can't stand the heat . as the day got cooler , i had to put on a sweater . you must take your coat in case it should become cold . i'm very sensitive to cold . may i have another blanket ? anticipating a cold winter , we bought a bigger stove . when the cold winter began , the old man's health deteriorated . the cold weather may keep the plants from budding . when you breathe out in cold weather , you can see your breath . it's difficult to get the car going on cold mornings . in cold weather we must be sure to keep our bodies warm . those who are delicate in health are apt to catch a cold when the cold season sets in . it's cold . it was foolish of you not to bring your coat . i wonder if they don't have meetings anymore where strong words fly and everyone goes at each other tooth and nail . it was all - or - nothing and we struck out spectacularly . the smell of cut grass summons up images of hot summer afternoons . kamakura is a place noted in connection with the genji family . shareholders were concerned about the company's swift expansion overseas . shareholders voted to liquidate the company's assets . the stock market crash forced many retirees back into the job market . you have no grounds for accusing jill of stealing the stock certificates .
eng	 the stock price index soared to an all - time high . the price of the stock declined by half in a month . a record number of shares changed hands in busy trading as prices soared to a historic high . he was a stock - market tycoon until the bears got him . he was in the middle of a funny story when he stopped to answer the telephone . the boy was bored with home routines that were dull and unchanging . i think it's a good thing because it keep us on our toes . the appropriation is pin - money ; it wouldn't be enough even to build a gym , much less build the administration building . you must perform all assignments in a timely manner . a high forehead is indicative of great mental power . the band played marvellously under the baton of a new conductor . the optimist looks into a mirror and becomes more optimistic , the pessimist more pessimistic . we enjoyed seeing the city , but we got a little tired . when you're enjoying yourself , the time seems to fly by . it's been nice talking to you , but i really must go now . she can express her feelings when she feels happy or sad . the head of the college , whose name was miss baker , therefore had a special place in the car park for her own small car . scholarship must always be exact whether it is interesting or not . without hesitating , the dean selects infinite wisdom . the school uniform is convenient because it can be worn for both informal and formal occasions . they hate him because he gives them a mountain of homework . the students were animated by the agitator's appeal . the students sat still , listening to the lecture . the students demonstrated against the new government . the students are busy preparing for the examination . the students gathered at the call of the principal . students are open to the influence of their teachers . the students cheered in honor of dr . baker's birthday . there was no objection on the part of the students . this is a store that caters specially to students . all the students recognized her as their representative . in his school days he wasn't as gentle as he is now . it was an advantage having learned chinese while i was in school . read as many books as you can while you are a student . john would often go mountain climbing when he was a student . i studied in england for six months when i was a student . there are several restrictions on working to support yourself abroad on a student visa . students should make use of the books in the library . a student should not lose sight of his own identity . students are supposed to turn in reports at the end of the school year . students often study with music playing in the background , and people working around the house will usually turn on the television or radio to keep them company . the students have an excellent gym at their disposal . students often pursue their teacher with questions . students generally like a teacher who understands their problems . the number of students is decreasing year by year . being only a student , i can't afford to get married .
eng	 one student says the purge is still going on in china and terror is widespread . i asked the student what image he had of black people . have students read such books as will make them think more . you had better leave the students to find out for themselves . students are expected to stay away from dubious places . students discussed the problem of brain death for a long time . the students noted down every word the teacher said . students have been protesting against the government's decision . students came of their own accord to help the villagers . the students assisted the professor in the investigation . students are impatient for the summer holidays to come . the students were all looking forward to the summer vacation . some of the students went by bus , and others on foot . students often find it very difficult to understand a lecture in a foreign language . the students have taken no notice of these instructions . the students were required to learn the constitution by heart . students took the lead in the campaign against pollution . there were hardly any teachers at the school that students could talk to . the student center is a good place to strike up conversations . i'll bet he'd have a fit if his students fell asleep . it is taken for granted that students know how to express themselves . a student visited the house of the great playwright . you should avail yourself of every opportunity to learn . some scholars ascribe the settlement of america to social unrest in western europe . according to some scholars , a major earthquake could occur at any moment now . in terms of learning , he is superior to all of his friends . it should be clear that the curriculum reform is mandatory in order to enhance interdisciplinary research . our school administration decided to do away with that school rule . my time in school will be one of my happiest memories . school systems have to cope with changing numbers of pupils . i would often take part in an english speech contest in my school days . on leaving school , she got married to her classmate . i will have to wait till i finish schooling and start earning money . outside the school , she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes . as soon as he graduated , he went to work in his father's general store . a man who has never gone to school may steal from a freight car , but if he has a university education , he may steal the whole railroad . the street to school was flooded and we had to go around . remember to post the letter on your way to school . don't forget to mail this letter on your way to school . while crossing the street on my way to school , i met with an accident . can you walk to school , or do you have to take the bus ? schools were started to help young people prepare for living in the world . schools are expected to meet the needs of every child , regardless of ability . the school adopted the new method of teaching english . the school is within walking distance of my house . our school is within ten minutes' walk of my house .
eng	 school will soon break up for the summer vacation . school children have colds twice as often as adults . a poor school record will count against you when you look for a job . you could also say that he's at the bottom of the class , for sure . i called at nancy's house on my way home from school . though he lives within a stone's throw of the school , he is often late . when the school had no books or paper or pencils , she wrote the alphabet on the ground with a stick . the number of students who were late for school was much smaller than i had expected . your contribution to the school is tax - deductible . while i was going to school , i was caught in a shower . would you mail this letter for me on your way to school ? if you are to do well in school , you must study hard . teaching spontaneous thinking is difficult in schools . my school is getting ready for the campus music festival . schools have tried to limit their use by not allowing them to be used in math classes , although they allow them in science lessons to save time . this was third school shooting incident in six months . i wanted to have finished it by the time school was over . some go in groups organized by their schools , but most go in twos and threes . on my way home from school , i was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin . when she returned home from school , she began to help her mother in the kitchen . i was caught in a shower on my way home from school . i was caught in a shower on my way home from school , got soaking wet and caught a cold . when she saw that they had no schools , she started one . i was also impressed with the school's cleanliness and the students' pride in it . school is where we spend most of our time every day . they helped one another to make the school festival a success . the more we learn , the better we realize our ignorance . the more you study , the more you discover your ignorance . the more we learn , the more we realize how little we know . as we went around the corner , the lake came in sight . will you run down to the corner and buy me a paper ? i had my car filled up at the service station at the corner . she certainly looks beautiful in a japanese kimono . she is rich , to be sure , but i don't think she's very smart . she is not beautiful , to be sure , but she is good - natured . indeed she is young and beautiful , but she is in delicate health . it is true that she is pretty , but she is selfish . indeed he may be a little dull , but he is diligent . he is not handsome , to be sure , but he is good - natured . he is , without question , the best man for the job . certainly there are inequalities in level of education even within a generation , but there have been no visible inequities between machines and materials in recent years . a car is convenient , to be sure , but , after all , it will prove expensive . it is true wendy grew up at the seaside , but she isn't a good swimmer . i am sure i met him somewhere , but i do not remember who he is . indeed , some writers do not think the relation of brain to consciousness is a causal relation in the first place .
eng	 only by prohibiting nuclear weapons altogether can we stop the arms race . nuclear weapons will bring about nothing but the ruin of mankind . nuclear weapons may bring about the annihilation of man . nuclear power plants are dangerous , not to mention nuclear weapons . nuclear war will bring life on this planet to an end . a nuclear war will bring about the destruction of mankind . few people , if any , could survive a nuclear war . all humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out . the nuclear family makes better communication possible between parents and children . round - trip fares to each destination are as follows . the top favorites of each section were gathered together . ptas in various places are discussing school regulations . each party shall consist of not less than fifteen people . each generation would have to rediscover for itself the truths of the past . the more unique each person is , the more he contributes to the wisdom of others . the lack of harmony between colors makes this painting stand out . it has been demonstrated in various researches that the private sector has little influence over policy making . the different character typologies are represented schematically in figure one . there is a limit of two pieces of luggage for each passenger . the street , lined with trees , provided a vista of the sea . more people live in the northern part of the city . living in the town is quite different from living in the country . it may be said , as a rule , that the climate of japan is mild . generally speaking , the climate of japan is mild . in general , people were against the consumption tax . generally speaking , women are better linguists than men . generally speaking girls are better linguists than boys . as a rule , our english teacher gives a lot of homework . in general the relation between parents and children is essentially based on teaching . generally speaking , americans are very fond of coffee . generally speaking , we japanese are a little too timid in speaking foreign languages . on the whole , the elite are not sensitive to criticism . as a rule , i prefer people who deal with matters of this kind directly with those involved . on the whole , i think your plan is a very good one . as a rule , he arrives at the office at about nine - thirty in the morning . on the whole , the older a man grows , the more conservative he becomes . as a rule , japanese people are not good at foreign languages . generally speaking , boys can run faster than girls . as a rule , the more fundamental a new truth , the greater will be its practical possibilities . by and large , women can bear pain better than men . by and large , reporters don't hesitate to intrude on one's privacy . as a rule , the inhabitants of warm countries keep early hours . by and large , tom is an easygoing person in almost everything he does . if you shout from the top of a cliff , you can hear the echo of your voice . the man and his horse that fell off the cliff were soon rescued . you must not read such a magazine , as it will do you harm .
eng	 the foreign minister said that war was inevitable . as is often the case with foreigners , john dislikes nattou . it is difficult for foreigners to get used to japanese food . see to it that the door is locked before you leave . don't forget to polish your shoes before you go out ! it was careless of her to leave the door unlocked when she went out . see to it that all the doors are locked before you go out . make sure to turn off all the lights before going out . people traveling abroad always have to get used to new food . there are lots of benefits from travelling abroad . foreign products arrived on the market in large quantities . if you engage in espionage for a foreign power , you are selling your country down the river . we should not use foreign workers as a buffer against japan's economic slowdown . the influx of foreign workers has caused a serious housing problem in this area . we give foreign tourists the privilege of tax exemption . it is difficult for foreign students to speak english well . another tendency of many japanese that bothers foreigners is to make statements that are too general and too broad by using or implying words like " all " and " every " . foreigners complain that it is difficult to get to know japanese people . to some extent this may be true . only if a foreigner has read much english poetry can he understand shakespeare . foreigners in general don't need as many compliments as japanese are required to give each other , and it is good to keep this in mind . don't make fun of foreigners' mistakes in japanese . he will come with his wife , as is often the case with foreigners . a group of foreigners arrived in edo , i . e . tokyo . being spoken to by a foreigner , i did not know what to do . it is interesting to make friends with a foreigner . it is difficult for foreigners to master japanese . it is difficult for a foreigner to study japanese . it is difficult for foreigners to get used to japanese meals . foreign investors backed off because of regional political unrest . you'll find it your advantage to know a foreign language . it is almost impossible to learn a foreign language in a short time . the best way to learn a foreign language is to go to the country where it is spoken . the best way to master a foreign language is to go to the country where it is spoken . it takes a great deal of practice to master a foreign language . it is by no means easy to master a foreign language . you must have a lot of patience to learn foreign languages . few people can speak a foreign language perfectly . it is often said that the best way to learn a foreign language is to go to the country where it is spoken . we should make good use of dictionaries when studying a foreign language . if i want to master a foreign language , i must study as much as possible . you can't master a foreign language in a short time ; you have to study it step by step . a foreign language cannot be mastered in a year or so . i will show you a new approach to foreign language learning .
eng	 regular attendance is important in a foreign language class . it's by no means easy to master a foreign language . it's difficult to feel at home in a foreign language . speaking of foreign languages , can you speak french ? isn't it difficult to make yourself understood in a foreign language ? it is so good to be able to speak a number of foreign languages . some knowledge of foreign languages , of spanish in particular , is essential . the best way to know a foreign country is to go there yourself . the very idea of being sent abroad delighted them . the good way to know a foreign country is to go there . it is not until you go abroad that you realize how small japan is . he had not been abroad for one month before he was taken ill . you should avail yourself of the chance to go abroad . the number of people who go abroad has been increasing . he took his daughter with him whenever he went abroad . mary's dream of going abroad finally became a reality . there are a number of shops selling foreign books and periodicals . stay informed about what is happening in foreign countries . living abroad is the best way to learn a foreign language . you learn a lot about your own country if you live abroad . in a foreign country most of us go through culture shock . i couldn't make myself understood in a foreign country . no matter how busy he was while living abroad , he never failed to write home to his parents at least once a week . it is important to try to get along with people from foreign countries . the foreign executives visited the manufacturing plant . a group of foreign students visited akira's high school . in foreign countries , especially in western countries , students are encouraged to express and develop themselves as individuals . diplomatic dialogue helped put an end to the conflict . diplomacy is to do and say the nastiest thing in the nicest way . an ambassador is an honest man sent to lie abroad for the good of his country . judge him by what he does , not by his appearance . we cannot separate the sheep from the goats by appearance . no matter how we try , it is impossible to distinguish good people from bad people by outward appearances . judging from her appearance , she seems to be very rich . one cannot judge people only by their outward appearances . judging from his appearance , he must be the conductor . the exchange rates for foreign currency change daily . the surgeon persuaded me to undergo an organ transplant operation . the surgeon persuaded him to undergo an organ transplant . since it's cold outside , you'd better put your overcoat on . you should put on a raincoat because it's cold outside . it is very cold outside . you'll catch a cold without a coat . i didn't feel like studying because the noise outside was getting on my nerves . i stepped outside and was bathed in the harsh direct sunlight . i couldn't sleep well because it was noisy outside . i missed a step on the stairs and i'm afraid i sprained my ankle . the settlers learned that the land in the valley was fertile .
eng	 the opening of the country had a great influence on japanese civilization . i plan to invite a lot of guests to the opening ceremony . keep your eyes closed until i tell you to open them . if you turn on me like that , i cannot talk any more . i would like to excuse myself from receiving the akutagawa prize . picture books will cultivate the minds of children . paintings should not be exposed to direct sunlight . the first virtue of a painting is to be a feast for the eyes . the girl in the picture is wearing a crown not of gold but of flowers . strange to say , all the lights in the house were on , though no one was at home . may i begin by thanking every one for your warm welcome ? everybody was disguised , so i couldn't tell who was who . everyone opposed it , but they got married all the same . a cellar was dug on top of the hill and they slowly moved the house from the road to the hill . the project was successful in the sense that it drew the attention of everyone . let's extend our heartiest welcome to miyake - san . are you creating for us a future world where there is a greater danger of skin cancer , weakened bodies , less food and fewer plants and animals ? ladies and gentlemen , please allow me to say a few words of welcome . i'll never forget having a good time with you all . ladies and gentlemen , i would like you to listen to my opinion . all right , everyone , let's not stand on ceremony tonight . cheers ! everybody took a hostile attitude toward illegal aliens . he got angry because he thought that everyone was trying to make a fool of him . we went to the theater early , so we could be sure that everyone could get a seat . all of you are familiar with the truth of the story . this meeting is a waste of time . everybody is just talking in vague theoretical terms . mountains in the ocean and even whole ranges are still being discovered , and most of them have not yet been explored in detail . voyages of exploration were the earliest in the history of studying the ocean . if we are to judge the future of ocean study by its past , we can surely look forward to many exciting discoveries . the seaside is an ideal spot for the children to play . low - lying lands will flood . this means that people will be left homeless and their crops will be destroyed by the salt water . a submarine cable was laid between the two countries . larger pirates often preyed on unarmed merchant ships . a sailor frequently has no time to get his sea legs after leaving port before a battle starts . it seems the navy jets had a major screw - up in navigation and they bombed their own troops by mistake . a short stroll along the beach gave me a good appetite for breakfast . seaside resorts , such as newport , are very crowded in summer . paul's family spends the summer at the coast every year . i've been invited on a trip abroad , but i don't want to go . canada is a good place to go if it's your first experience living abroad . overseas food exports are one of the mainstays of agribusiness . it's going to be six dollars because it's international .
eng	 the number of students going abroad to study is increasing each year . more and more couples go on honeymoon trips abroad . the number of japanese going overseas has been increasing year by year . the number of students going abroad is on the increase . if you are going abroad , it's necessary to have a passport . the cost of flying overseas has risen with the cost of fuel . overseas subsidiaries are putting out top - of the - line products . when you go abroad , you'd better keep in mind that tipping is customary . you should take another pair of glasses when you go abroad . when you travel abroad , you start to feel very expansive , and it's easy to overspend in a mood like that . whenever i go abroad , i suffer from jet lag and diarrhea . our international sales continue to grow , bringing the name of toyo computer into businesses world - wide . by studying overseas , students can come into contact with other manners and customs . japanese children brought up overseas sometimes face great difficulty in adjusting themselves to japanese schools after returning , even though they have a perfect command of japanese . let's get a picture of us with the sea in the background . the sea covers nearly three - fourths of the earth's surface . oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it . the rise and fall of the sea is governed by the moon . the sea ice is highly variable - frozen solid during cold , calm weather and broken up in large areas of open water during storms . a variety of creatures can be seen under the water . you can not drink the seawater , for it is too salty . could you change my room to one with a view of the ocean ? despite having lived near the sea , she still cannot swim . far away across the sea lies the sunny land of italy . it's on the coast about 13 kilometers to the north of its more famous neighbor , dover . if you go underwater , hold your nose and blow to clear your ears . most creatures in the sea are affected by pollution . i would rather go to the mountains than to the beach . which do you like better , the sea or the mountains ? the colors of the sea and the sky blend into one another . the sea got rough , so that we had to give up fishing . some people like the sea ; others prefer the mountains . improved medical technology has been one of the spin - offs of the space program . the reformers were subject to every attack from the establishment . i thought it would be a good idea to get back in touch with japanese culture and history . flashing lights transmit messages between ships and to motorists along city streets . hearing the monster's footsteps , they began running in all directions . she fumbled with the glasses as she brought them in . a good appetite , sound sleep , and regular motions are the three signs of good health . the clock that got broken must be repaired right away . it took three hours to put the broken toy together . the engineers blew up the bridge because it was about to collapse . you must switch off the power before checking the circuit .
eng	 stop beating around the bush and give it to me straight ! all answers must be written according to the instructions . finding a solution that worked was a process of trial and error . his explanation that a solution would take time didn't satisfy anyone . he went to france to brush up on his speaking ability . being a good conversationalist does not just mean being a good speaker of english . in conversation , one is likely to find out certain things about the other person quite easily . do you know that conversation is one of the greatest pleasures in life ? when you enter a conversation , you should have something to say . cross off the names of the people who have paid their dues . with regard to the membership fee , you must ask the treasurer of the club . many members dropped out of the club when the dues were raised . the president did me the courtesy of replying to my letter . you cannot be too polite when you meet the president . the hall was filled with such a large audience that there wasn't even standing room . the concert hall was so jam - packed there wasn't room to breathe . we held a party in honor of the 20th anniversary of our company . we need a new leader to pull our company together . whoever leaves the office last should turn off the light . on behalf of the company , i would like to express our hearty thanks to you all . management of a company is different from ownership of a company . when you return to your company , don't forget to keep in touch with me . the company presented him with a gold watch on the day he retired . the company pays me 100 , 000 yen in various allowances a month in addition to the regular salary . the company appealed for people to take voluntary resignation . the company moved its corporate domicile to hong kong for tax purposes . the company gave him a large enough pension to live on . the company is caught up in a serious business slump . our advice is that the company invest in new equipment . the company exploited its workers through low wages . the company is turning to export markets to make up for a decline in domestic sales . the office has been topsy - turvy since the merger upset everything . the company took action against its former accountant . the firm has a great deal of trust in your ability . the company plans to close its u . s . sales unit in new york . the company recalled all the baby food made in july . the company went after its no . 1 customer complaint : power outages . it took me several days to balance the company books . in some companies , employees use paid holidays for their summer vacations . some of the company's executives are out of town for a conference . scott's job is to evaluate the assets of companies . the office manager will explain to the new typist where she should work and what she should do . we used to meet at a coffee shop in shinjuku after work . he bore the future of the company on his shoulders . we all pigged out at the company christmas party , especially on the roast beef . new hires who just joined the company do everything in this timid manner .
