eng	is it possible to indicate a date on which a language came into life ? " what a question ! " you will be inclined to say . and yet such a date exists : the 26th of july , the day of esperanto . on this day in 1887 appeared in warsaw a booklet by ludwik lejzer zamenhof about the " international language " .
eng	ah , alsace ! it is usually known for the beauty of its half - timbered houses , its renowned gastronomy and its famous christmas markets . however , it is also a cultural crossroads in the heart of europe . it links france , switzerland and germany through an incredible diversity of landscapes where , flanked by mountains and the banks of the rhine , open - air activities abound .
eng	an englishman , a scotsman , an irishman , a welshman , a gurkha , a latvian , a turk , an aussie , a german , an american , an egyptian , a japanese , a mexican , a spaniard , a russian , a pole , a lithuanian , a jordanian , a kiwi , a swede , a finn , an israeli , a romanian , a bulgarian , a serb , a swiss , a greek , a singaporean , an italian , a norwegian , an argentinian , a libyan and a south african went to a night club . the bouncer said : " sorry , i can't let you in without a thai . "
eng	two years ago , the idea of offering a research semester for particularly interested and committed teachers became reality . the aim is to improve communication between schools and universities . since teachers are the best people for diffusing newly acquired knowledge , they will be given the opportunity to spend a research sabbatical at a university and to subsequently integrate this knowledge into classroom teaching .
eng	many people easily understand the injustice of the current language situation in the world where english dominates . but they also see the collective advantages , as for example a relatively good and direct communication between intellectuals and leaders of different languages through the english language , and the personal advantages as their own knowledge of the english language . about a neutral language such as esperanto , one does not know much and does not seek information .
eng	here is a red spider , not so big as a pin's head . can you imagine an elephant being interested in him — caring whether he is happy or isn't , or whether he is wealthy or poor , or whether his sweetheart returns his love or not , or whether his mother is sick or well , or whether he is looked up to in society or not , or whether his enemies will smite him or his friends desert him , or whether his hopes will suffer blight or his political ambitions fail , or whether he shall die in the bosom of his family or neglected and despised in a foreign land ?
eng	and when the hourglass has run out , the hourglass of temporality , when the noise of secular life has grown silent and its restless or ineffectual activism has come to an end , when everything around you is still , as it is in eternity , then eternity asks you and every individual in these millions and millions about only one thing : whether you have lived in despair or not .
eng	the majority of mankind is lazy - minded , incurious , absorbed in vanities , and tepid in emotion , and is therefore incapable of either much doubt or much faith ; and when the ordinary man calls himself a sceptic or an unbeliever , that is ordinarily a simple pose , cloaking a disinclination to think anything out to a conclusion .
eng	 " but what's the contents like ? " - " your tents ? you want to go camping ? " - " no , i'm asking if you liked the book . is it interesting and would you recommend it ? is it , after all , a book worth reading and , here's my last question : should i read it ? " - " sorry , what did you say ? i couldn't hear , because this book is simply too interesting . "
eng	when in sydney , i went one sunday morning to bathe . i was accompanied by a friend who had just arrived from the south sea islands . he was very timid , and clung to the rock , never going beyond a few yards from it , and instantly returning . upon rallying him , he confessed his great dread of sharks .
eng	they want to take land , but there are men on that land . they want to get rid of them , so they call them the 'savage' . once called the 'savage' , these men are not considered as humans anymore . so it's permitted to kill them off to the last one . and this is how somebody's land becomes somebody else's land .
eng	let me add some words about sentence fusion . a human is given two sentences and asked to produce a single coherent sentence that contains only the important information from the original two . this is a highly constrained summarization task . investigations — carried out by hal daume and daniel marcu — has shown " that even at this restricted level , there is no measurable agreement between humans regarding what information should be considered important . "
eng	the 26th of september is the european day of languages . the council of europe wants to draw attention to the multilingual heritage of europe , to foster the evolution of multilingualism in society and to encourage citizens to learn languages​​ . tatoeba , as an easy - to - use learning tool and an active community , promotes the study and appreciation of languages in a very practical way .
eng	some of my friends tell me that they do not want the government in business . with this i agree ; but i wonder whether they realize the implications of the past . for while it has been american doctrine that the government must not go into business in competition with private enterprises , still it has been traditional particularly in republican administrations for business urgently to ask the government to put at private disposal all kinds of government assistance .
eng	it still is true that men can start small enterprises , trusting to native shrewdness and ability to keep abreast of competitors ; but area after area has been preempted altogether by the great corporations , and even in the fields which still have no great concerns , the small man starts with a handicap .
eng	although there was once believed to be a causative relationship between syphilis and artistic genius , i would hope that the vast majority of modern artists and writers are reasonable enough to avoid becoming infected just on the off chance that neurosyphilis dementia might improve the quality of their work .
eng	those were drinking days , and most men drank hard . so very great is the improvement time has brought about in such habits , that a moderate statement of the quantity of wine and punch which one man would swallow in the course of a night , without any detriment to his reputation as a perfect gentleman , would seem , in these days , a ridiculous exaggeration .
eng	there is no such thing , at this stage of the world’s history in the united states of america , as an independent press . you know it and i know it . there is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions , and if you did , you know beforehand that it would never appear in print . i am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper i am connected with . others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things , and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job . if i allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers , before twenty - four hours my occupation would be gone . the business of the journalist is to destroy the truth , to lie outright , to pervert , to vilify , to fawn at the feet of mammon , and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread . you know it and i know it , and what folly is this toasting an independent press ? we are the jumping jacks , they pull the strings and we dance . our talents , our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men . we are intellectual prostitutes .
eng	if it were done when 'tis done , then 'twere well / it were done quickly : if the assassination / could trammel up the consequence , and catch / with his surcease success ; that but this blow / might be the be - all and the end - all here , / but here , upon this bank and shoal of time , / we'd jump the life to come .
eng	the post - war economic development of vanquished nations can be rapid if they are not looted by the victors . for this there are two reasons . first , everything has not been destroyed : some things are merely broken ; and a relatively small effort of rehabilitation is multiplied by the value of what remains serviceable . second is the disabling of entrenched power structures , which often stand as a bar to progress .
eng	good conductors of heat are usually good conductors of electricity , but that puts the causal relation backwards . conduction - band electrons can't help but transport kinetic energy , which - - randomized - - is heat . putting heat before electricity is reasonable only because of the rarity of materials like diamond that conduct heat via the quasi - particles called phonons , which are communicable crystal - lattice vibrations .
eng	on the inquest it was shown that buck fanshaw , in the delirium of a wasting typhoid fever , had taken arsenic , shot himself through the body , cut his throat , and jumped out of a four - story window and broken his neck — and after due deliberation , the jury , sad and tearful , but with intelligence unblinded by its sorrow , brought in a verdict of death " by the visitation of god . " what could the world do without juries ?
eng	the net gravitational field at any point on the surface of the earth is the sum of the gravitational fields of all the masses in the universe ; hence it displays diurnal and seasonal variations and variations with the phases of the moon and jupiter ; and those variations vary with latitude : if you live far from the poles , you weigh more at night .
eng	the context is the most important thing in a translation . a translator might forget a word , but if the context is clear enough to him , he could make himself understood with no problems , but if he gets an isolated sentence with no explanation , he might understand it ambiguously and he won't translate the real meaning from the original language . that's why you should always provide context when asking for a translator's help .
eng	in reality , translation is akin to working for peanuts , since the corresponding meaning of something in one language is often hidden in some deep and impenetrable recesses of the other . as a result , the translator is forced to search all over . . . never mind that the picky reader is very difficult to fool .
eng	your time is limited , so don't waste it living someone else's life . don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking . don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice . and most important , have the courage to follow your heart and intuition .
eng	therefore , putting on one side imaginary things concerning a prince , and discussing those which are real , i say that all men when they are spoken of , and chiefly princes for being more highly placed , are remarkable for some of those qualities which bring them either blame or praise ; and thus it is that one is reputed liberal , another miserly , using a tuscan term ( because an avaricious person in our language is still he who desires to possess by robbery , whilst we call one miserly who deprives himself too much of the use of his own ) ; one is reputed generous , one rapacious ; one cruel , one compassionate ; one faithless , another faithful ; one effeminate and cowardly , another bold and brave ; one affable , another haughty ; one lascivious , another chaste ; one sincere , another cunning ; one hard , another easy ; one grave , another frivolous ; one religious , another unbelieving , and the like .
eng	same time tomorrow , this time yesterday , same time next week , this time last week , same time next month , this time last month , same time next year , this time last year , never the same , this time tomorrow , same time yesterday , this time next week , same time last week , this time next month , same time last month , this time next year , same time last year , same time tomorrow , this time yesterday , same time next week , this time last week , same time next month , this time last month , same time next year , this time last year , never the same .
eng	the anglo - saxons will not just take your land . they will also take you as a slave , then , when you die , they're going to store your bones in a museum and describe you as a savage in their history books . they are also going to make a couple of movies to show how ugly you were and how brave their heroes were .
eng	when a thunderstorm suddenly came out of the blue , she jumped abruptly out of the hammock and ran headlong into the house where she stopped short , remembering suddenly that she had no lightning rod , and because she realized at once that this sudden onrush of a thunderstorm could end her life before she could say jack robinson , she became sore afraid .
eng	according to the iau , a " dwarf planet " is a celestial body that ( a ) is in orbit around the sun , ( b ) has sufficient mass for its self - gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that it assumes a hydrostatic equilibrium ( nearly round ) shape , ( c ) has not cleared the neighbourhood around its orbit , and ( d ) is not a satellite .
eng	in my day oral proficiency was neglected because professors maintained that the purpose of studying a foreign language was to become acquainted with its literature , and not to strike up a conversation with the illiterates who happened to be its native speakers , which leads us to the conclusion that what constitutes a natural sounding sentence may be quite subjective .
eng	true zombies are to be found in the special forces . when you spend a week in the cold , without sleeping , you become a zombie , and the only thing you feel is hatred . hatred towards yourself , hatred towards the others . and the only thing you think about is to finish your job and go back to where you can enjoy a " good sleep " .
eng	for the past few years , teenagers who imitate overweight american rappers have been walking like inverted pendulums , swinging from left to right , which is the only way forward if you weigh over two hundred and sixty pounds , but completely ineffective if you are a scrawny teenager weighing half of that , since most of the energy is wasted on side steps , not to mention the sheer absurdity of that swinging gait .
eng	among so many actions committed by dictators , we can mention that : they suspend political activity , they suspend the rights of workers , they forbid strikes , they destroy the supreme court of justice , they shutdown nighttime places of business , they censure the mass media , they burn thousands of books and magazines considered dangerous .
eng	patriotism in its simple , clear and plain meaning is nothing other to rulers than an instrument for achieving their power - hungry and self - serving goals . to those who are subjected to them , it is a denial of human dignity , reason , and conscience , as well as a slavish submission of themselves to those who are in power .
eng	i spent that day listening to the lonely scrapings of a pen . during that time , from time to time , i heard a java sparrow twittering . it occurred to me that maybe java sparrows twitter out of loneliness too . i walked out to the veranda to see . nevertheless , flying to and fro between two perches busily and incessantly , it did not show the slightest hint of grievance .
eng	since my mind governs my thought or rather is my thought , i have no guarantee that i am more correct by realising something that has not only been made by the same mind as its user but also , the chance of my realising this belief is dictated by my mind , which is prone to opinion and hiding of facts .
eng	my latin teacher used to look down sternly on me over the rim of her glasses , but now i know it only had to do with the fact that she was wearing reading glasses and that she will have found it a nuisance taking them off all the time , so what looked like contempt towards us students might well and truly have been kindness .
eng	it’s quite obvious that the purport of these misanthropic theories consists in slandering the working masses , relieving the imperialism from the responsibility for the bloody wars it provokes , and imposing the thought that wars are endless and are allegedly caused by aggresive tensencies in the human nature .
eng	it had been made a condition with these clerks that they should not marry ; so that those who lived to be old had to take care of themselves , to attend to their own comforts , and even to light their own fires , when they had any to light . many of them were very aged ; lonely old boys , with strange thoughts and eccentric habits .
eng	when a transformation has happened , it's not always reversible . however , sometimes a little change makes the transformation backwards possible . thus , since a change is in this case a transformation as well , there might be needed a transformation to make it possible for the transformation that is the reverse of another transformation to happen .
