eng	 the computer was so outdated that it was good for nothing . the successful concert tour established her reputation as a singer . there must have been a large audience at the concert . at that time , my mother was younger than i am now . at that time , mexico was not yet independent of spain . chew it over for a while and let me know what you think . that does not prevent them from taking just as many books . people are getting more concerned about the matter . she thought it was necessary that she should do something about it . it is no use pretending you know nothing about it . could you please give me some more examples of that ? they often quarreled with their brothers and husbands over the matter . the cottage reminded me of the happy times i had spent with her . the burglar was caught in the act of prying open the window . the coffee shop is closed while the air conditioning is under repair . that coat is just the style i've been looking for . the miser opened the box to find his money stolen . it turned out that the cards were stacked against her from the beginning of the game . the class is too large to be taught by a single man . the class was made up of 15 boys and as many girls . those individual members of the class do not want to be held back by others not so good at math . the number of students in the class is limited to fifteen . the best math students are there too , and the competition is strong . that quilt is really quite a piece of work with all its fine craftsmanship . that glittering accessory doesn't go with your sweatshirt . try this on ! the refugees in that camp have been living from hand to mouth for a month . refugees in that camp have been living from hand to mouth for a month . instead , i will turn to a discussion of the two economic variables i defined a moment ago . the poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator .  " what shall we do with the rubbish , mr wood ? " , asked pip . turn to the right at the corner , and you will find it on your left . the guide is using a microphone for us to hear her better . i'll lend you the money , but mind you , this is the last time . if you use the money , you will have to answer for it later . the money will probably be split evenly between those two . the money was put into a special fund to buy books for the school library . i'm going to lay aside that money for emergencies . as long as i know the money is safe , i will not worry about it . the customer insisted on a price reduction because of defects in the product . the frightened boy's heart palpitated with terror . the reckless girl climbed the tree regardless of danger . wonderful was the fighting spirit of the australian rugby team . the value of the painting was estimated at several million dollars . the report soon became known all over the country . the naive man was utterly embarrassed in her presence . then the pen fell from my hand and i just listened . pretty soon , there was an elevated train going back and forth just above the small village . would it be alright to come to visit your place soon ?
eng	 in addition , there were two other deficiencies in that system . the band of indians were ready to go on the warpath at the slightest provocation . the old italian oil painting was never exhibited in public . you can make up to 80 , 000 yen a month in that part - time job . that american professor knows a good deal about kyoto . the apartment was furnished in the victorian style . the apartment consists of three small rooms and a bath . the animation is on the air even in other countries . bob went about building his castle in spain when he spoke of inheriting his father's wealth . that idea seems good but it needs to be tried out . those 4 degrees meant that 30 percent of the land area of the world was covered in ice . emi danced the most beautifully of the three girls . that couple never fights ; they are always in agreement on everything . although the two boys disliked the partner of each other the beginning , they became good friends soon . the two politicians met face to face for the first time . the two sisters are so much alike that we find it rather difficult to tell one from the other . the distinction in usage between the two words is clear . there is a subtle difference between the two words . compare the two carefully , and you will see the difference . the two parts were played by one and the same actress . there are subtle differences between the two pictures . the difference between the two versions isn't clear . the single pipeline serves all the house with water . when sony came back with a 2 billion bid , cbs could not refuse . please write to me about conditions at your school . and they knew something which the europeans did not . now , just let the clay slide between your fingers . more roads were made , and the countryside was divided into lots . it isn't like anybody takes responsibility then anyway . the third is the preservation of environment . in this case , the conservation of energy and resources is needed . and the little black rabbit never looked sad again . and then everything that was written was completely clear . and now , think about a county , any county , and imagine this county divided into five or six different areas . and at times when i became discouraged with trying to reconcile working and bringing up children , it was my husband who helped to maintain my determination . now she was hurrying to her sick grannie's house to call the police . and to make matters worse , he met with a traffic accident . and the teams competed with each other to try to kick the ball through this hole . the house has pipes under the ground to carry dirty water away . and if we have time , i'd like to take a look at their cosmetics . and a tall man dressed in black reading a newspaper . pretty soon there were more of them on the road and fewer carriages pulled by horses . pretty soon along came a steam shovel and dug a road through the hill covered with daisies . and because deal is very near continental europe , it's always been one of the first areas of britain to be invaded .
eng	 and i was fourteen years old before i touched a piano for the first time . although i modified this extravagance later by including the beautiful life among the works of art that alone gave a meaning to life , it was still beauty that i valued . so they hopped down to the spring and drank from the clear water . and the tokens he received as wages could only be spent at that shop . and in many countries , where the animals are already under pressure because their homes are being destroyed by agriculture , things can get even worse . then , gathering speed , it raced through the tunnel , shaking the passengers from side to side . and we can communicate so many things in so many ways - with our faces , hands , bodies , and voices . we can even write our thoughts in words . in the temple courts he found men selling cattle , sheep and doves , and others sitting at tables . and our council is the local government for our area . she became mother teresa years later when she founded the missionaries of charity . and that's why for almost a hundred years , any employee has been able to go to his employer and insist on being paid in cash . and so the two little rabbits lived together happily in the big forest ; eating dandelions , playing jump the daisies , run through the clover and find the acorn all day long . and it is only a very short step from there , to perception which occurs in the absence of all immediate signals and has to be labeled extrasensory . and unlike oshin , they do complain although certainly not at work and generally not in public . and like many small towns in england , it has quite a long history . i got bit by mosquitoes all over this area , and it itches so badly i can't stand it . i went there by myself , often on successive evenings . the morning after i arrived there , i took a walk into the woods of oaks . it was unbelievably quiet there ; perhaps that's why he liked the place so much . it was so noisy there that i couldn't make myself heard . the water there was so deep that i could not touch bottom . the best thing about that place is the barbecue area where they supply you with everything you need . the food is very good and the same is true of the service . the residents were curious about other people's business . see that guy over there at the counter drinking whisky ? he's pretty much my type . we will be able to build farms and create fields there . the sooner we get there , the more likely are we to get seats . we still have quite a few more miles to go before we get there . by the time you get there , it will be nearly dark . by the time she gets there , she will be happy again . we had hardly reached there when it began to rain . i suggest that we should build a new factory there . no sooner had she gone there than she was taken ill . i wish to know a landmark nearby so i can find my way there . the longer i stay there , the more i like the place . the children from the village would often gather up on top of the hill and from there watched the trucks and automobiles going back and forth to the city .
eng	 once again she could watch the sun and moon and stars . you can still see the remains of the fortress there . we didn't see a single house for five miles there . so perhaps this was their ancient god returning after his long absence . the loss of childhood spontaneity has caused widespread concern , as well as calls for review of the nation's educational and social structures . the view was splendid over the plain , and in the distance was asuka . socrates was accused of atheism because he did not believe in zeus .  " is there any sauce left ? " " no , there is none . " now you've mentioned it , i remember coming here with my parents when i was a child . now that you mention it , it's been more than 30 years since then . such being the case , you can't expect he will come here . if you persist in bothering her like that , she'll lose her temper . i agree . he's sure been the king of the hill since we brought him home . yes , i will be able to forget my busy work and relax . really ? i want to go there very much . i like renoir very much . if i had not overslept , i would have been in time for school . we might otherwise have to reconsider the purchase . well , i clean the rooms , do the laundry , or cook an elaborate supper . well , i bake bread , listen to music , or read comic books . well , i watch television , take a nap , or take a walk in the park nearby . you're right . i have half a mind to do something myself . well , i just asked him if he knew the time , because my watch has stopped , and he simply bolted . i parted with my old car , though i hated to do so . he saw brightly - colored birds , flowers and leaves . this would help us promote your products in the most effective way . they were based on goods which the members of a society recognized as having value . i am afraid that neither from them nor from books have i learnt much that greatly profited me . because they had not achieved complete success they gave more scope for the activity of my imagination . before the arrival of this skyscraper , all the buildings in the city stood in special relationship to each other . there is no point in calling such buildings 'ugly' . that decision , in turn , was affected by the geological structure of the hill itself . then she found several stacks of thousand - dollar bills under a bush and put them in her basket . don't get so irritated . rushing things will cost you more time in the end . now that you mention it , what happened to that man who used to work here ? that was the reason which prevented them from coming with me . under the circumstances i cannot allow the request . that being the case , i had little to say at that moment . such matters are beyond the bounds of human knowledge . such an act will be judged at the bar of public opinion . what he meant by those words finally dawned on me . this is why they can find their way around the world . that's the reason why i couldn't attend the meeting . that is why all the students in the class agreed with him . that is why words sometimes have great power over us .
eng	 yes , i'd like a single room with a private bath , please . that is why he did not agree to what they had proposed . zen's latest mission is to save the earth from ecological destruction at the hands of a plant - destroying madman . the center fielder made a firm catch for the winning out . the concept of zero sprang from the hindu culture . is there any good way to memorise our lines quickly ? it will take awhile for the cement to dry before we can use it to park the car . you should have enough sense not to drink , at least during your illness . at the very least , i'd like to be able to have everyday conversations . please forward this message along with the seminar information to the appropriate managers in your firm . i have appealed to him to visit but he didn't come . please be sure to bring some of your friends to the party . an impatient driver forced his way through the crossing against the red light . we'd better try to sell or give away all these white elephants we've collected . if you could do it at all , i'd like you to do it . after a mad dash down the stairway , i missed my train by a second . though i went to see her all the way in the rain , she was out . after i got all worked up about ordering in english , i walked in the store and they greeted me with " irasshaimase ! " i felt , like , " what the . . . ? " i had a bad cough , so i took the bitter medicine . i don't want to rush you , but let's try to catch the next bus . when i was in salem , i would often play tennis with john . the salesman talked my parents into buying a set of encyclopedias . the salesman sold the article at an unreasonable price . on an island in the seine , there is a big church called notre dame . put on your sweater . otherwise you will catch cold . not more than 40 percent of students go on university . at most 40 percent of students go on to university . only twenty people will come to the party at best . the grass was left long and weedy in the slate walk , and very often he wasn't cutting the grass on the other side of the hedge by the road at all . the dean sighed and said : " i think that this woman is perhaps . . . my own cousin " . along comes the grandmother and sees her granddaughter . dear woman , why do you involve me ? jesus replied . there is nothing to do , so i may as well go to bed . one of the pickpockets blew the whistle on the other two . you're not supposed to wear your slippers down to the lobby . measurements are different from individual to individual . memorize this paragraph until you can say it fluently . excuse me , but where is the men's shoe department ? excuse me , but would you please tell me the way to the post office ? excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the station ? excuse me , but could you tell me where the post office is ? sorry , but i want to tell her this news face to face . sorry , but i want to tell him this news face to face . i'm sorry , but i don't feel like going out today . sorry , but i have to hurry . i have no time to explain this in detail .
eng	 excuse me , but will you show me the way to the station ? excuse me . can you direct me to the nearest subway station ? excuse me , but will you tell me the way to the hilton hotel ? excuse me , but could you tell me the way to the bus stop ? excuse me , but will you tell me where to change trains ? sorry , but i'm not very interested in that subject . excuse me , but could you tell me how to get to central park ? excuse me , but may i exchange this sweater for another ? i beg your pardon , but would you repeat what you said ? excuse me , could you spare me a few minutes ? i have a favor to ask you . sorry , but it all came about so suddenly that i haven't got a handle on the situation yet . excuse me . how often do shuttle buses run to downtown new york ? excuse me , does this train go to washington square ? i'm sorry , we can't make flight changes on this ticket . mrs . smith is bearing up well since the death of her husband . mrs . smith is actively engaged in volunteer work . mrs . smith can get her husband to do anything she likes . you could say that mrs . smith is a television addict . mr . and mrs . smith live apart from each other now . mr . and mrs . smith are the sort of couple who don't go out much in the evenings . dr . smith is the most knowledgeable expert in that subject . who will be in charge of our class when miss smith leaves school ? mr smith and i have been acquainted with each other for a long time . mr smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to . mr smith takes a good deal of exercise before breakfast . the study which mr smith specializes in is economics . mr smith was announced as the succeeding chairman . professor smith is recognized to be one of the greatest scholars in english philology . prof . smith is famous for his eccentric life style . talking of professor smith , his assistant is hard of hearing . smith argues that no international laws can be applied to this case . smith's approach differs greatly from others in that he did not take the affixation into consideration . few people can run the machine as well as mr smith . mr smith is too polite to say anything bad about others . mr smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to come . mr smith made it a rule to take a walk every morning . mr smith has not turned up yet though he promised to come . mr smith says , " i was born in new york , but my wife comes from san francisco . " even though mr smith was very wealthy , he was a tightwad . mr smith says he was born in new york , but that his wife comes from japan . mr smith , whose car i borrowed for this trip , is a rich lawyer . talking of smith , what has become of his daughter ? mr smith spoke so fast i couldn't take in what he said . mrs . smith , i'd like to introduce a friend of mine , pierre dubois . he said that if smith was elected , he would resign . apart from sports , i like listening to jazz music . sports make us healthy in mind as well as in body . the better players helped those who were not so good at sports . the paradox of sport is that it bonds as it divides .
eng	 it's not only the health aspects of sports that appeal to people , but the cooperative aspect that team sports teach , and the competitive aspect in itself . let's scrap everything and start over again with a clean slate . taking everything into consideration , he can't be the criminal . all things considered , she is a fairly good wife . all things considered , we can not say that it is wrong . all things considered , we cannot say that it is wrong . taking everything into consideration , they ought to be given another chance . all containing news of his concerts and various activities . everything depends on whether you pass the examination . of all the famous baseball players , he stands out as a genius . it all started in montgomery , alabama , on december 1 , 1955 . all horses are animals , but not all animals are horses . every piece of reading matter calls for a different kind of reading . you must give up the idea that you are superior to them in every respect . the true light that gives light to every man was coming into the world . you can fool all the people some of the time , and some of the people all the time ; but you cannot fool all the people all of the time . it goes without saying that everybody is given the equal right to speak . that everybody is told all the facts is important . it is necessary that everybody observe these rules . he maintained that all occupations should be open to women . it is now a fully accepted idea that all occupations should be open to women . all the officers and men joined their efforts against the attack . i will see to it that everything is ready in time . every experiment required a protected environment and an entirely objective frame of mind . taking all things into consideration , i think they were mistaken in it . all participants made that great effort in the olympics . we must make every effort to do away with all discrimination . all happy families resemble each other , each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way . every language continues to change as long as it is spoken . in the greatest of all works of art everything had been realized , i could give nothing , and my restless mind tired of passive contemplation . all the competitors are trying to get their piece of the pie . it is necessary that every member observe these rules . four - fifths of all the members were against the plan . 80% of all english words come from other languages . all the other little rabbits came out to see how happy they both were , and they danced in a wedding circle around the little black rabbit and little white rabbit . all things taken into consideration , her life is a happy one . taking everything into consideration , he bought the car . not all americans speak english as their mother tongue . everything should be done in accordance with the rules . the space shuttle informs us about the earth , too . the explosion of the space shuttle is still fresh in my memory . spaniards love to stroll around in the evening cool . a little knowledge of spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to mexico enjoyable .
eng	 spain is the host country for the olympics in 1992 . the population of spain is about one - third as large as that of japan . the sprinkler is shooting out a stream of water onto the grass . the sphinx had eaten hundreds of people on their way to the city of thebes , because they could not answer the riddle the cunning sphinx had asked them . this is the first time i have seen a spielberg movie . i got into trouble with the police by driving too fast . i can hardly make a speech without feeling nervous . in the speech , he referred to the strength of the company . i get really bad performance anxiety before i give a speech . you don't have to come up with an unusual topic for your speech . the speech contest was held under the auspices of the ministry of education . the speech contest took place on the ninth of november . sometimes the most inspired ideas seem to just come from out of the blue . with the sun shining bright , we should go for a swim . it's worth going to bali because you can see the amazing sunset . when one has a wonderful dream , one doesn't wish to come down to earth . thank you so much for having been the nice n . y . contact that you are . people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones . that is to say , a language is something that we learn and are taught , not something that we know by instinct . in other words , the merits , etc . of making detours are the consideration of the attitudes of the landowners whose property the line would cross , the convenience of other towns and villages , as well as connection with other railway lines . the straw appears bent at the place where it enters the water . the methods used to overcome stress are different for men and women : drinking is the major method used by men , while women deal with stress by chatting . common causes of stress are work and human relationships . stratford - on - avon , where shakespeare was born , is visited by many tourists every year . the strikers called off the strike of their own accord . a strike is a mass refusal to work by a body of employees . this is also part of your work , as i told you before . a considerable amount of time and effort have been spent already . that's a gorgeous color . what kind of beer is that ? this is a nice restaurant . thanks for bringing me here . i have steak , eggs , hash browns , toast , and coffee . steve had to shell out $50 . 00 for the speeding ticket he got last week . you must be a good walker to have walked all the way . i've sat on my heels for so long my legs have fallen asleep . way off in the distance she could see the lights of the city . it was only much later that i came to understand the importance of child education . you left me standing alone here on this road a long , long time ago . the steam shovels dug down three stories on one side and four stories on the other side . it was so hot in the stadium that i thought i was going to pass out . there were a lot of excited people in the stadium . when we arrived at the stadium , the game had already started .
eng	 now that we've got off the mark , we must get through this work . living life in the fast lane is like burning the candle at both ends . regarding professor scott's final criticism i have nothing more to add to what i said in my previous reply . the union of scotland and england took place in 1706 . we'll find more engineers to recover the schedule . in regard to the schedule , i'll let you know later . i want to talk with the manager about the schedule . if you want to skate well , you should take it up seriously . you will be in time for the train if you start at once . you'll be in time for the train if you start at once . start at once , and you will be in time for school . you will miss the train , unless you start for the station at once . send for the doctor at once , or the patient may get worse . send for the doctor at once , or the patient will get worse . it is not enough to read great books once only , however carefully . you had better get in touch with your parents at once . i'll mail you the report in a jiffy , so you won't have to wait long . please be sure to let me know your new address soon . you had better go to bed right away , or your cold will get worse . if we don't hit the road soon , we'll get caught in the morning rush hour traffic . soon i found myself wanting to meet him and talk to him . we are not likely to accept another offer any time soon . unless it rains in ethiopia soon , there could be severe drought problems . i found it difficult to solve the problem at once . you will soon get accustomed to living in this country . a school bus ferries students between the station and the campus . you were served sukiyaki for dinner , then spent the night and had breakfast . don't you think you were imposing ? when the scandal broke , the congressman's constituents were seething . since ski season is almost over , the ski wear that's on sale is all leftovers , so there's nothing that's just my size . should the suez and panama canals be internationalized ? it's bad manners to make a noise when you eat soup . when you drink soup , don't make any hissing sound . the supermarkets are now closed , so we'll have to make do with what is left in the refrigerator . if you're going to the supermarket , will you please bring me back some oranges ? do you think that those superheroes are endowed with talents we don't possess ? the old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket . there's no use for plastic supermarket bags aside from putting trash in them . would you go to the supermarket and get some butter ? working part - time at a supermarket , i found that some customers were polite whereas others weren't . it's necessary to take correct measurements when you are tailoring a suit . susie is so constituted that she cannot forgive and forget things . susie doesn't speak japanese , and tom doesn't either . susie sat up until midnight , when she heard a strange noise . susie lent me two books , neither of which i have read as yet . susie was unable to take part in the game because she wasn't feeling well .
eng	 susan broke the dish on purpose to show her anger . susan is intelligent , and i expect her to pass the exam easily . susan spent the summer vacation at her grandmother's . susan eats like a bird and leaves most of the food on her plate . susan manages to tell her mother that it is time to say goodbye . susan and bob have flown from london to sydney , australia . excuse me , but is this the right way to the subway station ? i'm sorry , but that brand of cigarettes is out of stock . i'm sorry , but i didn't understand what you said in english . i beg your pardon . i didn't think this was your seat . excuse me , could you tell me the way to the post office ? it's very warm . shall i turn on the air conditioner ? while visiting switzerland , he became ill with pneumonia . switzerland is a beautiful country worth visiting . switzerland is situated between france , italy , austria and germany . we will be enjoying the beautiful scenery of switzerland . most swiss people can speak three or four languages . speaking of switzerland , have you ever been there in spring ? cindy dozed off in the middle of her graduation examinations . it's freezing in this room , cindy . i can't put up with this cold . shinji found it very difficult to adjust himself to life in the new school . however , the fact that he was an eva pilot made him popular . his synchronizing rate left nothing to be desired . who'll be taking over from cynthia when she retires ? the number of visitors to singapore has increased year by year . in singapore , it is a crime to spit on the ground . they fine you in singapore if you throw trash in the streets . they teach chinese as a second national language in singapore . in singapore , one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her . in singapore , one method of punishing criminals is to whip them , or hit them several times on the back with a cane . jill says that she's happily married , but at times you'd never know it . jill has been on the phone with friends for more than two hours ! john and jill will take their vows as husband and wife next month . stop playing cat and mouse with me and tell me the news . john , you're working too hard . sit down and take it easy for a while . john talked his friends into helping the poor family . john is in the habit of staying up until midnight . john was standing alone in the room with his arms folded . john got suddenly ill , but in the case of bill , he simply forgot about the meeting . john has to do without a stereo for the time being . john helped himself to several pieces of pie without asking . john hit the jackpot . his efforts paid off beyond his wildest dreams . john wanted to be completely independent of his parents . john ran to the station so as to catch the last train . i think john is quite selfish , and a little bit vain . he isn't easy to get on with . john came to terms with his problem , which means he has accepted it . john tends to get angry when he doesn't have his own way . on hearing himself praised , john was deeply embarrassed .
eng	 john used to stand by me whenever i was in trouble . after john became manager , he told me he would never have expected to reach such a high position . john has been collecting stamps since he was a child . john did not know how to explain to his wife that he had quit his job . john stayed in bed all day instead of going to work . john finished the work at the expense of his health . john is brave in appearance , but is in reality a coward . john is head and shoulders above any of his classmates in french . john covers the kanto area and taro covers the kansai area . john studied hard at school , while at home he helped his mother with her work . john turned his back on the company and started on his own . john wanted to be completely independent of his family . john is waiting for lucy , but the train has already left . john is going to tell lucy about the origin of rugby . john asked mary whether she would like to go shopping . john asked mary whether she would like to go shopping in the afternoon . john has not come yet , but when he does , i will call you . first john put on his coat , and then he picked up his hat . john comes from florida and his wife from california . john was in such a hurry that he had no time for talking . john picked a quarrel with college kids near him at the bar . john spoke in such a loud voice that i could hear him upstairs . when john goes on a date , he's known to be a big spender . john ordered the book from the publisher in the united states . she said that john must be very glad to hear the news . john is sure to succeed his father in the company . john felt the presence of a ghost in the dark room . john went away without so much as saying good - by . john drinks too much these days . we have to stop him from drinking any more . john is professor of french literature at oxford and his wife is french . john always tried to live up to the example of lincoln . john must work hard to catch up with his classmates . john stood still with his eyes fixed on something strange . john claimed that the dishonest salesman had tricked him into buying a useless piece of machinery . john is seeing to the arrangements for the meeting . john is the taller of the two , and the tallest of them all . john , the tallest boy in our class , is nicknamed " mr high " . john , who is the youngest in a family of seven , is the apple of his parents' eyes . when john's neighbor saw john selling drugs , she blew the whistle on him . john's parents seemed relieved to hear that his plane was on time . john's parents seemed relieved to hear that he was safe . john's mother looks so young that she is often mistaken for his elder sister . john's business has turned out to be a complete failure . such an honest man as john cannot have told a lie . john's grandmother passed away after a long illness . the student who is talking with john is from canada . in interviewing john for the job , we must take into account that he has very bad eyesight . john and mary differed in opinion as to that important matter .
eng	 john and cathy have different tastes and different characters . trying to get them together is like putting a square peg in a round hole . john tel is expected to delay the release of its chip set until august . mr johnson is a lawyer . he will be having three clients this afternoon . mr johnson suddenly changed his mind and signed the contract . mr johnson is self - employed and is in the business of repairing furniture . the johnsons are very sociable people , who enjoy hosting parties often . it is not that johnson's claim is groundless , but that it is misleading . it is clearly shown in johnson's investigation that passive smoking is very harmful . mr johnson was concerned about the amount of money that was being lost because of careless management . with the money mr johnson had saved , he would be able to live high on the hog when he retired . mr johnson is , as it were , a walking dictionary . lyndon johnson took over presidency when john kennedy was assassinated . when john came back , he looked pale as if he had seen a ghost . when john retired , his son took over his business . it was only yesterday that john told me about his plan to go to europe . john put his foot on the brake and we stopped suddenly . i can't understand why john turned down a job as good as that . it took john about two weeks to get over his illness . it took john only one day to make friends with his classmates at the school . it was in 1980 that john lennon was shot at this spot . john wayne was one of the most popular movie stars of this century . he goes and sits outside the class but he can't stop laughing . little johnny what are you doing sitting here laughing ? johnny moved to spain just a few months ago , so he isn't used to speaking spanish as yet . the shopping center is a mile further down the road . joan became a great actress in spite of having had a difficult childhood . joan and jane are sisters . the former is a pianist . mrs . jones is often unpleasant to her husband's secretary over the phone . there is no one who has been loved by the students more than mr jones . mr jones reprimanded me for taking a spot of shut - eye during class . mr jones is very sensitive to the nuances of english and american usage . mr jones is sick and mr brown will teach in his place today . when mr jones gets old , he will hand over his business to his son . mrs . jones counts sheep every night to go to sleep . mr jones , whose wife teaches english , is himself a professor of english . joe was not on speaking terms with his noisy neighbor . joe was pleased at the thought of going to new york . the show was wonderful , but the tickets were too expensive . the man whose work it is to amuse people who attend a show is an entertainer . that jordan replaced the main engine in this experiment is self - evident . uncle george never visited us without some present . george washington was the first president of the united states of america . mr george bush is the forty - first president of the united states . george did business in the same manner as his father .
eng	 george does not mix much ; he likes to keep to himself . george was so tired that his doctor advised him to take better care of himself . george is reluctant to take on that difficult job . george doesn't mix much ; he likes to keep to himself . george was describing a 30 pound bass he'd caught recently after fighting it for three hours . george has two cousins ; one lives in germany and the other in switzerland . do you know where george bought his tennis racket ? george iii has been unfairly maligned by historians . son , i have to talk with you . look at your mother , george . just come to see me any time you feel like it , george . george , if you are not listening to the radio , turn it off . junko still depends on her parents for her living expenses . when she saw the gorgeous coat , julie decided to buy it . julie gains 20 pounds every month from her eating binge . julie received a christmas card from her brother in italy . it floored me that julie was coming for a visit tomorrow . don't waste money on clothes , julie . save money ! judy spent hours on end writing and rewriting her essay . i'm looking for something to clean the carpet with . the color of the carpet is in harmony with the wall . no pro golfer in japan is as popular as jumbo ozaki . i can't turn the shower off . could you check it for me ? please remove that chair because it is in the way . unable to speak , he wrote it on a piece of paper . they call women who make a hobby out of collecting chanel goods " chanellers " . janet was seeking for fame in the world of show business . janet's dress is similar in appearance to her sister's . word got around that jeanette and dave were having an affair . it looks like janet's going to be kicked upstairs . jack explained to me how to change the wheel of the car . jack broke his mother's valuable vase , but he didn't do it on purpose , so she wasn't angry . jack was pacing up and down in the room , lost in thought . jack said he had never told a lie , but he was lying . jack hid the dish he had broken , but his little sister told on him . jack once gave a helping hand to robert , who was in trouble ; and now robert , in turn , is of great help to jack . jack insists that he has nothing to do with the crime . jack always finds fault with others . that's why everybody avoids him . jack stopped talking all of a sudden when mary went into the room . jack's adventures are more amazing than those of the hero in many thrillers . jack's problem is that his wife spends more than he earns . jack and i agreed to work at the office on saturdays by turns . jack and betty have been going steady for a month . jack and peggy were married by the rev . john smith . we are all poor swimmers with the possible exception of jack . jack isn't here . he may have missed his usual bus . it isn't true that jack is no good at music ; on the contrary , he plays the piano well . jackie's efforts to help homeless people backfired on her . two shirts and suits , please . there's a stain here . it looks like jacob has been bitten by the love bug .
eng	 mr jackson has recently transferred to tokyo from los angeles . the potato is native to the highlands of central and south america . potatoes were introduced by the dutch from jakarta . potatoes were being cooked in the kitchen by the girls . ms jaguar offered mr clinton the position because she had faith in his capabilities . but . . . did that tenth child have a different father to the ones before him ? shylock is greedy , and what is worse , very stingy . which do you like better , the giants or the dragons ? i always thought that shirley and alan would get together . his career as a journalist was full of distinguished achievements . jim went back to london for the purpose of seeing her . you cannot rely upon jim's words since he tries to please everybody . jim was able to hold back his anger and avoid a fight . jim wrote to me last week and said he had come back two months before . jim went into the room quietly lest he should wake the baby . jim says he goes jogging at least three times a week . jim seems to know the art of making friends with girls . jim burned the midnight oil when he was preparing for the examination . jim pointed out some grammatical mistakes in my composition . jim stayed with us while he was in japan as an exchange student . as soon as jim got home , he made a beeline for the rest room . jim really knows his way around the store from his years working there . jim's angry because his date for the movie stood him up and he wasted an hour waiting for her in the rain . though jim works very hard , his job does not pay very much . jim is not yet used to driving on the left side of the road .  " how does jim go to school ? " " he goes by bus . " jim has been trying to take me out to dinner for the last three weeks . it seemed that jim had missed the seven o'clock train . jim ate three apples and said he could eat as many again . jim makes a point of jogging three miles every day . we had been talking about jim when he entered the room . two years have passed since jim graduated from high school . jim waller is a strong candidate for the post of sales manager . jimmy was accustomed to his friends making fun of him . jimmy is to some extent capable of performing this operation . jimmy's pictures were different from other people's . jimmy was not at home , as is often the case with him . oh no ! i wasn't paying attention and left my cell phone in the restaurant ! the siberian railway is at once the longest and best known railway in the world . if you sleep for a while , you will feel much better . the recovery of japan's economy , which has been in a recession for some time , is finally under way . have you ever got in your car after a long absence and got the brake mixed up with the accelerator ? i had been reading a magazine for some time when she came . i was wondering if you'd let me stay with you for a few days . after some hesitation , he laid the book on the desk . after a while he came back with a dictionary under his arm . after a while , the little black rabbit sat down , and looked very sad .
eng	 i heard you have become branch manager of the sydney office . to tell the truth , they are not husband and wife . the ship island region was as woody and tenantless as ever . as she watched , the birds , especially chizuko's golden crane , looked alive in a light autumn breeze . after patiently listening to the audience's complaints , the judges changed the results . pull yourself together , now . there's no point in crying . it matters little what kind of books one reads , so long as one has sound judgement . for world peace , therefore , we must develop the consciousness that we are all one people of planet earth through continual international cultural and economic exchange . hence one can say that , of all political ideals , that of making people happy is the most dangerous . thus you cannot indulge in the pleasure of spending money freely . single people enjoy more freedom to do what they want and enjoy living a less restricted social life . it is difficult to overcome this shortcoming without drastically changing the whole system . changing the system is difficult , not to mention the interpersonal relationships . this unexpected malfunctioning of the system was caused by improper wiring . please push the ctrl+alt+del key to log on the system . i will not be able to pick up shigemi at the kindergarten . could you please pick shigemi up for me at the day - care center ? it's going to rain soon . look at those black clouds . and yet the large blocks of stone are fitted together so closely that you cannot put in the point of a knife between them . and among the good there are serbs and croats and muslims , just as there are among the bad . the current low status of the elderly may be changing , however . but the compass isn't in the head of the bee , it's in the body . but as civilizations grew more complex , better methods of communication were needed . barter , however , was a very unsatisfactory system because people's needs seldom matched exactly . but in spite of the merits of being single , they do want to get married some day . however , the guarantee is not effective at all outside the fixed form . but she had not expected to cross an ocean , enter a new and romantic - sounding country , and find herself in exactly the same position . but showing off the presents could embarrass the guests who did not bring one . if the other party does not offer personal information , however , it is better to leave it alone . but light does not travel at the same speed through all materials ; it goes slower through some than through others . that , however , tells you just about as much as you would know about water if you were told that it was wet . but every man had to give five years of service to the government . but whoever lives by the truth come into the right . but more often than not , we came back empty - handed . but i slept right through the class . don't you ever sleep through an eight - thirty class ? even today , however , women struggle against discrimination . but today smoking in public places is forbidden or strictly restricted .
eng	 but today , a lot of young people are following her example . however , i can't help noticing , at this moment , that at first glance it seems inevitable that the shark will devour the man . but , to his credit , he didn't say anything against her . we believe , however , that over a period of time , we will be able to make remittance in full settlement . but pepperberg says working with the parrot has already changed the way of looking at animals . however , his girlfriend is selfish and hardly worries about brian . one evening , however , when miss baker got back to the college a few minutes before the time by which all students had to be in , she found another car in her parking space . however , the amount of wind available varies with the location and the season of the year . yet japan is still not sufficiently understood by other countries , and the japanese , likewise , find foreigners difficult to understand . what i most noticed about my japanese high school , however , was the great respect shown by students toward their teachers . however , only the human community has verbal languages as a means of communication . real change for most black people , however , was very slow in coming . why people fall into these categories , however , is a mystery . there was , however , a need for food to be carried from the bowl to the mouth , and chopsticks came along to meet that need . however , the color was different from the sample color in your catalog . however , some people in the audience were not pleased with the results . however , beth seems to be indifferent to chris's grief . the interpretation of this data , however , is very much in dispute . this problem , however , should be considered more carefully . the strike had not been peaceful , however , and rev . martin luther king , jr . begged both sides to be patient and calm . we concluded , however that the price of 5 , 000 , 000 yen was too high . but you know , there's no telling about that other world . but in return they get a clear look at important games , and if they miss something , they can always rely on the commentator's description or the instant replay . but then , full of guilt , i sat down at my desk one evening . that proved to be no more than an expression of optimism when world war ii began . however , i recommend that you take the jr narita express ( a train leaves every 30 - 60 minutes from the airport ) , to avoid the complexity of changing trains . but after she does that with the first glass , what is she going to do with the second one ? however , he was hurt when she quickly disposed of the present . he might , however , have seen a wooden peg of a different size or color . but we do know many things about his character , thanks to letters and notebooks he left behind and other people's stories about him . but the farmer was kind to him and taught him a lot . but there are always some cheap standing tickets for the finals that you can buy on the day . but it was not successful for long because everyone , even religious people , had a strong attraction to the game .
eng	 but in many ways , the bird called alex is unusual , for it has shown the kind of mental abilities that scientists once thought only humans had . but a collection of facts is not science any more than a dictionary is poetry . but i'm not sure whether it brings happiness to everybody . however , a new type of humor , which stems largely from america , has recently come into fashion . only through protest can a free and open society be maintained . in the case of language , however , it is only the ability to talk and understand that we inherit genetically ; the particular language or languages that we speak are passed on to us not by genetic transmission but by cultural transmission . but if we were wholly rational , would we want children at all ? but tuesday mornings were different , because tuesday was music day . however , they can help him breathe with a machine . however , if he is brain - dead , he will never think , speak , or hear again . but soon he would not be able to walk , write , or even eat by himself . most studies , however , have not focused on the influence emmet's theory had on computer graphics . but the nobel committee said that poverty was a threat to world peace , and mother teresa worked against poverty . but how that comes about i am at a loss to explain . but the rise in prices is a consequence of that policy . but then he fell in love with jane wilde , a student studying languages in london . but , then again , latin was already a " dead language " by that time . not only career - minded women have desire to work . but when the monkey came back , the tin cup was always empty . but this is the story of an old man who wants to die . but there had been no indications gorbachev was having any sort of health problems , and it is not exactly clear what's happened to him now . but the boys spent all their holidays on mr wood's farm . but this claim is emphatically not the one that dennett is making . but this did not stop him from using his mind and presenting his ideas at physics meetings around the world . but the reason i came baptizing with water was that he might be revealed to israel . but the evans were clean and they had enough to eat . however , like america , japan is predominantly a middle - class , middle - income country , and so wives do not employ maids , but attend to everything themselves . however , in america , sports teams are generally chosen by skill , and academic courses by ability . we flew from new york to st . louis by way of chicago . i'd like to place a person - to - person call to chicago . the plane from chicago arrived at the airport late at night . i left jeremy poring over his notes for his first accountancy exam tomorrow . shelly's really filled out since the last time i saw her . jeff had to pound the pavement for three months before he found a job . jeff lost yesterday's match , but i'm sure he is a promising tennis player . jeff wore the tie which kim had given him for a birthday present . jeff and mia are making a last ditch effort to avoid a divorce .
eng	 jenny could not ignore her parents' desire for her safety . if you hear from jenny , could you tell her i would like to see her ? the jet plane landed following the instructions of the control tower . i don't know how she puts up with the noise of a jet plane . a jet airliner does not admit of careless handling . when jane played horse with her father , she held on to him tightly . jane is fat and rude , and smokes too much . however , ken thinks she's lovely and charming . that's why they say love is blind . though jane is not a good runner , she can swim very fast . jane went out of her way to be nice to the new girl . jane has been acting in films since she was eleven . jane is very content with her job and has no desire to quit it . jane felt unable to cope with driving in heavy traffic after her accident . jane doesn't know as much about nara as she does about kyoto . jane used to be one of my best friends at school but we've drifted apart over the past few years . jean ate the osechi cooking his wife cooked for herself . jane had her hair cut short before the athletic meet . jane knew a lot about sumo , as if she had seen it before . jane was on top of the world when she got a record contract . if jane does not rest more , she may have a nervous breakdown . jane has it in for bob because he didn't help her . jane could not believe it when her date polished off an entire chocolate cake . jane must stop giving way to her desire for chocolate . jane got too nervous when her turn came , and she blew her lines . jane can play the violin , not to mention the guitar . jane will never forget this past year . neither will we . jane experienced many things in a year . so did i . i could hardly follow what jane said in her speech . this racket of jane's is a little heavier than the one which i bought yesterday . this necklace of jane's is a gift from her grandmother . jane has a japanese friend who speaks english well . jane no longer needed an explanation of mt . fuji . if jane had not come to our home by car , i would have served her amazake . jane had hardly entered the room when the students gathered around her . it was too difficult for jane to go to school alone . you come here , jane , and you go over there , jim . what's the matter , jane ? you look like you aren't feeling well . shakespeare knew only a little latin , but he put the little he knew to very good use . in shakespeare's time , in the sixteenth century , tennis was very popular at the english court . talking of shakespeare , have you ever read his work ? jane offered to take care of our children when we were out . i haven't heard from jane since she moved to tokyo . james bond was always depicted as a high roller in his movies . shakespeare is recognized to be the greatest dramatist . i believe shakespeare is the greatest dramatist that ever lived . shakespeare is the greatest poet that england has ever produced . shakespeare is as great a dramatist as ever lived . shakespeare , whose plays are world - famous , lived some four hundred years ago .
eng	 whether shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery . jean has fallen out with paul over the education of their children . the jeans looked none the cleaner for having been washed . move the knob at the side of the seat forwards , collapse the seat . please fasten your seat belt and observe the " no smoking " sign until it is turned off . please fasten your seat belts and prepare for departure . remain in your seats with your seat belts fastened . caesar leaves gaul , crosses the rubicon , and enters italy . the secret service has to answer for the safety of the president . the samples were collected from two hundred medical institutions all over the world . if you would like to have a sample , please let us know . san francisco is only one - tenth as populous as new york . it's an african country , so you may think the climate is very hot . sandra takes a slice of bread and a cup of coffee for breakfast . he never says thanks in spite of all that i've done for him . we saw a troop of monkeys moving from tree to tree . sally didn't exactly agree with bill , but she supported him . sally recalled the days when her grandma was strong and healthy . sally lost the contact lenses she had bought the day before . sally continued to make excuses and blamed the dog . sally was very sad about not going home for the holidays . sally missed two weeks of school , so she has to work hard to catch up with her class . beth argued that sally was only pretending to be innocent . sally admitted that she borrowed the scarf but said she was not guilty . sally exchanged a twenty - dollar bill for five - dollar bills . sally's classmates are always making a fool of her . sarah was at a low ebb for several weeks after her mother died . sarah gets very bored listening to her grandparents rambling on about old times . to make matters worse , he isn't even conscious of annoying his neighbors . for further inquiries , please feel free to contact us toll - free at 0120 - 00 - 0000 . as more time passed , these creoles became separate languages : spanish , french , italian , etc . to make matters worse , there were signs of a fearful storm . further study will prove that the theory is right . to make matters worse , it began to thunder fiercely . still others simply travel around america in recreational vehicles , seeing parts of the country they had been too busy to see before . still others are traders who have always lived by trading and continue to follow their traditional ways . and in the indian ocean , some islands of the maldives will disappear completely beneath the water . what is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden . about two miles farther on , the road bent to the right . another ten minutes' walk brought us to the shore . in addition , there have been changes in husband - wife relationships . the best efforts of the human race , in addition , were necessary to assist the gods in their cosmic task . where a painting's general sense seems clear , moreover , the exact decoding of its content remains in doubt .
eng	 he studied hard ; otherwise he would have failed again . sharks are sensitive to electrical impulses as well as sound . the skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish . sam got a raw deal when he was laid off just before his job would have become permanent . sam has promised to pay the money at the end of the month . i tried to persuade sam to give up his plan , only to fail . sam doesn't have the stamina to finish a marathon . the summit nations put free trade at the top of the agenda . after the summit , president mitterand said that he dissociated himself from the statement . he overcame all sorts of hardship and setbacks to succeed in a solo crossing of antarctica . at the summer camp , she was in charge of the group i belonged to . take a look at the faq before you call tech support . if you are going to the safari park , take the no . 5 bus . now let's return to the main problem of education . now here is a story about a japanese girl named haru - chan . now , i would like you to imagine a map of great britain . now there was a man of the pharisees named nicodemus . well , i'm afraid i must be leaving . i had a nice time . now , think about england and wales , and imagine them divided into smaller parts . at a rough estimate , i would say the job will take two weeks . you should be frank , and they will treat you as a friend . it's hard to believe it was so clear and sunny up to just now . you kept nodding off during that lecture , didn't you ? i'm getting tired of driving on this winding road . that person has had an odd grin on his face for a while . what do you suppose is behind it ? a ball hit the back of my head while i was playing soccer . soccer is more popular in japan than it used to be . the whole soccer team was on cloud nine after winning the championship . like the great scholar that he was , he answered the question easily . excellent ! it's just like you to come through like that . for the time being , she is clerking in a department store . for the moment , we want to postpone making a decision . you must look over the contract before you sign it . please refrain from smoking until the sign is turned off . fortunately , the fire was put out before it became too serious . cycling is good exercise . moreover , it doesn't pollute the air . service industries include communication , transportation , distribution , finance and a host of other areas which do not involve production of goods . service economy is a useful labor that does not produce a tangible commodity . the visit to the circus was a big thrill for the children . besides being a great statesman , sir winston churchill was a great writer . now draw some out and take it to the master of the banquet . c'mon guys , this is a party so let your hair down and relax a little . now , listen to the doctor , or you won't get well . let's all go to an all - you - can - eat yakiniku restaurant . come on , take it easy . chances are in your favor . let's meet edgar degas and look at his pictures with him . which of your parents do you think you take after ?
eng	 i'll make every possible effort to meet your request . in accordance with your request , i enclose a picture of myself . we are sorry we are unable to accept your request . sorry to bother you , but i'm afraid something urgent has come up . far be it for me to trouble you , but i must ask you something . i really appreciate all the trouble you've gone to . if it's not too much trouble , i would like some help . i'm sorry to trouble you , but could you tell me the way to the station ? i am sorry i did not write to you for such a long time . i am as much in the wrong as you are about not writing before this . let's throw it away and start over with a clean slate . why don't you drop in for tea at your convenience ? would you meet with us at a time that is convenient for you ? it is highly regrettable that your request was considered to be unacceptable . will you please provide more details about your proposal ? i'm glad your book was received kindly by the press . we will ship the product immediately after receiving your order . please accept my condolences on the death of your father . tokyo , as you know , is one of the financial centers of the world . as your goods for which you are charging us were imperfect , we will not pay this account . i will never forget your kindness as long as i live . i wish to express my deep appreciation for your kindness . in respect to your question , i have nothing to say . please make sure that your seat belt is securely fastened . please accept our heartiest congratulations on the marriage of your son . i would like to extend our best wishes on your marriage . we have just received an inquiry from kansas concerning your brother . i am not quite sure if we can meet your requirements . when you decide which plan you want , please notify us in writing . the sunshine penetrated the thick leaves of the trees . the computer terminals were lined up in one long row . ibm has the lion's share of the large computer market ; nobody else even comes close . the development of the computer industry has been very rapid . there are many jobs available in the computer industry . i shopped around for my computer and ended up paying $200 less than david . we are looking for somebody who can use a computer . if you use a computer , you can retain information . computers will save you much time and energy when you deal with figures and graphs . computer users have so many buzzwords , it's a wonder if anyone else can understand them . in order to use a computer , you must learn to type . he located the computer , poured in the sample and deposited the $10 . 00 . computers are capable of doing very complicated work in a split second . computers can be thought of as mere calculating machines . computers can give us facts , but they can't give us experience . the machine again made the usual noise and printed out the following analysis . the computer has made a great impact on modern life . computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work . the more i studied computers , the more interesting i came to find it .
eng	 what a waste to buy such an expensive machine even though he doesn't even know how to use computers . it's possible to branch out from computing to jobs in banking , accountancy and so on . the operation of a computer keyboard requires less effort than that of a manual typewriter . compared to a computer , a word processor has a single purpose . if you don't know anything about computers , you're really behind the times . japan disproved phony accusations of computer chip dumping . computers have changed the industrial picture considerably . my computer is out of order , and i have to get it repaired . there is a labor shortage of computer programmers . the computer system shuts down automatically at 8pm . i'd like to drive across the usa in a convertible car . hi ! thanks for flying with us . how are you today ? hi ! what is the purpose of your visit in america , sir ? i have no idea what he has in mind , rejecting such a favorable proposal . he must be crazy to go out in this stormy weather . hey ! i don't want any crank calls - not at this hour . it is not safe for a girl to go out by herself so late at night . i have some doubts about his coming in this weather . please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning . i can't afford to eat in such an expensive restaurant . it takes a lot of money to keep up such a big house . how are you going to spend such a large amount of money ? we can not carry on conversation in such a noisy room . i never dreamed of there being such a quiet place . what on earth are you doing in such a lonely place ? where on earth do you suppose she is going in the dead of night ? it's about time we did away with this outdated law . i think it strange that there is no one on the street at this time of the day . where on earth can he have gone off to at this time of day ? such a judge should retire from his job before retirement age . this is the worst thing that has ever happened to me ! i had no idea it would be such an expensive restaurant . i feel like i'm out of place . i want to move out of this cramped room as soon as i can . i would rather stay at home than go out on such a cold day . i don't like to go out without a coat on such a cold day . i look for all the world like an athlete in this outfit , but the truth is i don't do any sports at all . having this meeting isn't going to do the trick , is it ? i wouldn't dream of going on a picnic on such a rainy day . i often stumble over something as i am blind as a bat in the dark . what do you need sunglasses for in such a dark place ? it's absolutely impossible for me to go on like this .  " put this stuff away at once ! " she yelled in a rage . i've botched things up so bad i wish i could find a hole to climb into . i have a strong objection to being treated like this . this is the way in which we can become acquainted with one another . i would rather die than have such a terrible experience . mother told me that i had better not go out in such bad weather . i have seldom seen such a beautiful sunset as this .
eng	 more people came to the party than i had bargained for . jobs are hard to come by with so many people out of work . anyone would find it hard to run on such a hot day . with it raining like this , we'll never be able to leave . this is the first time i've seen such a dreadful movie . you should not climb the mountain in such bad weather . this is the most exciting book that i have ever read . i'm really glad to have had such an enjoyable time . what a good scholar the author must be to write such a splendid book ! i had no idea it would put you to so much trouble . she must be kind - hearted to send you such a pretty doll . you had better not wander around here by yourself . i never expected this fine hotel to be found in such a place . who wants to be cooped up indoors on a nice day like this ? it is very kind of you to send me such a nice present . you may not believe this , but i don't drink at all . please accept what little comfort these words can give you . you might not believe what i'm about to tell you , so don't be surprised . it is criminal to pay so much money for such trifles . it's a pity for you to have to stay indoors in this weather . you must put up with your new post for the present . i hurt my eye when my contact slipped out of place . the concert starts at seven . we must not be late . the concert was held over till the following week because of the singer's illness . it was lucky that we got the tickets for the concert . i had to leave the theatre in the middle of the concert . i noticed several people sleeping during the concert . i had difficulty getting a ticket for the concert . those present at the concert were surprised by his performance . i absolutely love going to concerts not just because i get a chance to meet the musician or singer but because of the wondrous feeling of a live performance . i'll be back in thirty minutes so i'll be in time for the concert . i was surprised to see so many people at the concert . i want to talk to the famous pianist before his concert . i was surprised because the concert ended all too soon . concrete can be reinforced by putting steel bars inside it . columbus argued that he could reach india by going west . columbus sailed farther west to look for a new continent . we learned that columbus discovered america in 1492 . if you continue to remain silent , i'll lose my temper . it'll be a waste of time if we wait for them any longer . it's an absolute waste of time to wait any longer . a further reduction would make us go into the red . if you request a further discount , we suggest changing the terms of payment . if you buy this , i will give you a fifteen percent discount . how many days will it take if i send this as registered mail ? please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail . let's try to settle our differences once and for all . turn this to the right , and the machine will start . the best way to do this is to have all the presents collected in one place until everyone has arrived . there is none other than you to whom i can leave this .
eng	 of these two opinions , i prefer the latter to the former . if we take this additional evidence into consideration , the second law must be modified . the latter will continue to develop along their own paths according to the needs of their own speakers . these are not sufficient reasons for breaking the promise . there are dangers that threaten both men and women . all these are ways of exceeding the bounds imposed on us by human nature . these tales have been passed on from generation to generation . these stories are told in colloquial and everyday language . instead of laying off these workers , why don't we just cut their hours ? the optimal formula which would encompass all these factors has not been proposed . we must not allow these problems to affect the project . these problems have arisen as a result of indifference . these problems have arisen as the result of your carelessness . what kinds of changes are needed to address these problems ? as these trees grow tall , they rob the grass of light . you can borrow these books from the library for a week . of all these books , this is by far the best on china . these convenient goods will meet our customers' demands . it is out of the question to learn all these sentences by heart . i would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body . these goods are greater in quantity than in quality . the teacher said we had to learn all these expressions by heart . these specimens are divided into several categories . these ungrammatical sentences resulted from the application of the additional rule f . take home these paintings of his and tell me what you think of them . thanks to these discoveries , man's life span has become twice as long as before . if these days are not convenient for you , please let us know . about 14 , 000 of these usually have tickets for the center court . these legends should be handed down to our offspring . there points can be brought under the same heading . people in these areas are growing hungrier each year . could you teach me how people distinguish between these words in common usage ? these bags are very heavy , so carry one bag at a time . these sea boats are fast enough to stay in a depression for several days . these creatures evolved from simpler organisms like jellyfish . these figures indicate three in five college first - year students are indifferent to politics . these diagrams demonstrate different possible approaches to job seeking . it is not unreasonable to think that these people were excluded from the community . what accounts for these symptoms hasn't been discovered yet . i'd like you to quickly look over these documents . with respect to these documents , i think the best thing is to destroy them . with respect to these letters , i think the best thing is to burn them . these automobiles , for the most part , are manufactured in japan . these watches are more expensive than the ones in that case . these countries settled the dispute among themselves . european civilization had its birth in these lands .
eng	 many of these words we are unable to recall at will . these old customs have been handed down from generation to generation . none of these plans ever come anywhere near realization . the verdict at issue in these discussions is the one brought in the lander's trial in 1994 . these regulations ought to be observed by the students . these rules have been and always will be observed . these poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator . these infections were caused by contaminated milk . for these patients , surgical treatment is far from being satisfactory . these paintings were handed down to me from my father . these fragile items must be insured against all risks . these meetings are carried on entirely in english . these houses were burnt down to the ground by the enemy . it is most important to emphasize that none of these processes are conscious . we'll do away with all these silly rules as soon as we can . his ambition was blasted by these repeated failures . we need to postulate a completely different paradigm to explain all these phenomena . their hypothesis is that these strategies may come into conflict with emmet's theory . he will learn these things not so much from what the other man says as from how he says it . note the function of the background layers of these graphic designs . these elevators are each capable of carrying ten persons . it is not enough to show that these two particles are moving at different speed . there may be other factors that intervene in the relation between these two constants . all of these sports and many others are dominated by the human urge to aim at something . these are the trees on the leaves of which silkworms live . these two lines cut across each other at right angles . can you tell the difference between these two pictures ? would you show me a less expensive camera than this one ? again his father insisted on another private conversation and broke the sad news . you have to make good the time you have wasted so far . in all my career as a travel agent , i never visited africa . we have all been talking about tomorrow ; now let's come down to earth and talk about today . in all my travels i've never seen a more beautiful mountain than everest . never in my life have i thought of leaving the town . so far i have been getting along well with my friends . our company has never had that kind of system , and it's never made us feel uncomfortable . in the past i used to vote for the democratic ticket , but from now on i'll climb on the republican bandwagon . so far we have had no news as to which route the expedition has taken . in the past i used to vote the democratic ticket , but from now on i'll climb on the republicans' bandwagon . for once in my life i succeeded in getting the better of him . i've never heard of such a frightening story before . in honor of all the hard work we raised a toast to our first day in our new home ! never have i seen a more beautiful sight than this . certainly there is nothing that will separate people more , and nothing so easy to slip into .
eng	 never before have we had such a strong longing for peace . this is the house which was designed by a famous architect . this is a useful book and , what is more , it is not expensive . how is it that otherwise reasonable people come to believe that this same roof , that practically vanishing commodity , is freely obtainable just by packing up and going to another country ? please accept this as a keep - sake of my husband . this is her t - shirt . that t - shirt is hers , too . this is something she has done since she was a child . this was the most interesting book that she had ever read . this is what they have in common with other peoples . this may be because they could not use the earth's magnetic field . this is the house in which they lived when they were children . this is by far the most interesting of his novels . this is by far the most interesting of all his novels . this is a socio - linguistic study on the japanese language . this is because of the difference between japanese politeness and american politeness . this is a secret just between you and me , so don't let it slip out . this is a difficult problem , and it is not easy for anyone to decide . this is an argument material to the question in hand . this is the best indian restaurant anywhere in tokyo . this is the heaviest snowfall in thirty years in tokyo . this is a picture of the first train that ran between tokyo and yokohama . this is the pipeline which supplies the town with gas . this is such an easy problem that any student can solve it . this is considered to be a matter of great importance . this is the book that my teacher recommended to me . this is longer than any other bridge in the world . this is a direct broadcast from the showa theater . this is a writing style different from genuine english . this is a very important meeting . you ought not to miss it . since this is important , i'd like you to attend to it yourself . this is an interesting case where there is no principal determining element . this is a great time - saving gadget for the housewife . this is a map which will be useful when traveling by car . this is the spitting image of the real thing , perfectly true to life . this will be a good opportunity for me to use my language skills to my advantage . this enables me to see and face my present trouble . this is a proverb the meaning of which i don't know . here is a present for you in token of our appreciation . this is the same pencil that i lost the other day . this was the first japanese food i had ever tasted . this is the most interesting story that i have ever read . this is the most wonderful present i have ever received . this is the tallest building that i have ever seen . this is the most massive structure i have ever seen . this is what my mother gave me when i got married . this is the same type of camera as the one i lost . they say this is one of the best books , if not the best . this is by far the best novel that has been published this year . this is the most beautiful sight that i have ever seen .
eng	 the problem is one of interpreting these ancient scriptures . this will go down in history as the greatest event that has ever taken place . let's just keep this between ourselves , shall we ? this is a good book for anyone wishing to learn english . this sees english as a system obeying miles of grammar and sentence structure which have to be learned in detail and applied rigorously . this is a layer of soil that is permanently frozen , and in some places it's many feet deep . this is the largest tanker that has ever been constructed in our country . it only goes as far as main street , but you can get the number 31 there . this is mr miller's latest book , and we hope it will not be his last . this is such an easy problem as any student can solve . sure , this house is as good as ever . she's built so well we could move her anywhere . this is such an interesting story i will never forget it . this is very good ice cream . won't you have some ? this means that our perception of any situation depends only partly on sensory signals being received at that time . this is the pen which the famous novelist wrote with . this question must be discussed separately from that one . this is a socio - linguistic study on steven emmet . this is a precious chance to get sammy's autograph . this is the largest dictionary there is in this library . i don't think this is the box that this toy came in ; it won't fit in . this is a superb illustration of how emmet modified the traditional architectural designs . this is an example of the survival of the fittest , as it is called . this looks longer than that , but it is an optical illusion . this is what is called a 'present' in some countries and 'bribery' in others . this means that if you try to protect yourself too much , you will only make bigger mistakes . this movie is not anything like as exciting as that one . this is the sort of thing you have to account for . that is to say , their behavior seems to be against the rules made by adults . this means that others can only come to know you and like you by listening to what you say . this is the most beautiful of all the pictures in my album . this is a subject of which i know nothing whatever . this is the most beautiful lake that i have ever seen . this is the most beautiful sunset that i have ever seen . this is a great opportunity to increase our market share . this does not mean only the study of language , history or geography . this may be because of a change in people's attitude toward marriage and the sharp increase of fast food restaurants and convenience stores which are open 24 hours a day and enable young people to live more easily . this is so enduring as to make even the most diligent worker give up . this is the house in which the poet lived in his childhood . this was to arrange things so that i obtained the result already written in the textbooks . this note summarizes some information that we hope to discuss at the meeting in san francisco . the problem is one of determining the dominant factors in this phenomenon .
eng	 this only increased his desire to be revenged on the murderous duke . don't let this discourage you from trying it again . do you have anything to say in connection with this ? do any of you have anything to say in connection with this ? it includes widely varying organizations , people , and ideas . and as with so many aspects of british life , there's a good historical reason for it . in the same way , a russian might fail to see anything amusing in a joke which would make an englishman laugh to tears . i don't know if you'd call it a hobby , but to stretch it a little , you could say music appreciation is my hobby . this ought to bring in enough money to put us back in the black . it's like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders . you'll make the same mistake if things continue in this way . it will surely by useful for your future to put forth this much effort . there are so many anti - smoking campaigns these days ; maybe smoking really is a threat to the public order . i'm not afraid of anything after having verbal abuse heaped on me like that . in fact , i feel empowered by it . not bad  not bad at all . this is quite a gathering of talent to have under one roof . if you want to avoid cholesterol , eat lean meat with no fat . this is the same motorcycle that was left at the scene of the accident . this is the same car that was left at the scene of the crime . this is the very book that i have long wanted to read . this is the very dictionary i've been looking for . this is just what i have been looking for so long . this is the very place i have long wanted to visit . this is the very dictionary that i have wanted so long . this is the very dictionary that i have been looking for . here is a true israelite , in whom there is nothing false . isn't this the same necklace that aunt clara wears ? this is the hotel at which we stayed at that time . this is shorthand writing , by means of which we can keep up with the talker . this is the central problem of postwar immigration . this is the best dictionary there is in the library . is this in fact going to affect their relationships ? this is the house where my father was born and brought up . this is the ideology to which my speech is written . this is where we differ very much from japanese workers . this is the house in which i was born and brought up . this is the house where i lived when i was a child . this is a proverb the meaning of which i do not understand . there are photos of the singers who're featured in the magazine . this is the car about which linda talked yesterday . this is the dictionary i told you about yesterday . this is the letter sent from hong kong by air mail . this caused most of the local bath - houses to fall on hard times . so , this is the nata - de - coco that everyone is talking about . there'll be quite a lot of scenes like this in the next few programs . from now on , you must be responsible for what you do . i've decided to be more positive and give it all i've got . from now on , you'll have to take care of yourself .
eng	 this is the very camera i've wanted for a long time . this was the last conversation i had with my mother about terry tate . the shutter's over here . all you have to do is press it . this has been the trend for the past twenty years . this is the house where the famous novelist was born . i appreciate that this is not an easy task for you . this is the reason that she succeeded as a pop singer . this is the camera with which he took the picture . is this what you've been searching for all this time ? i've never played golf , but i think i'll give it a shot . when it comes to playing golf , you cannot beat him . researchers at the gorilla foundation have to spell out words like " c - a - n - d - y " and " g - u - m " when koko is nearby . gorillas cannot use their lips and tongues to speak , but they can communicate with people in other ways . she held him like mother gorillas hold their babies . i'm sorry to have troubled you . no matter what he may do , he will be praised . i feel terrible , but i've just broken your ashtray . i'm afraid you can't . i have tennis practice later . sorry i haven't fixed dinner tonight . i was so tired there was just no way . comedians base their jokes on tragic situations like violent death or serious accidents . getting rid of garbage has become a major headache for the authorities . as all kinds of communication methods are proliferating , human relationships are weakening . this is a perfect example of mistaking means for ends . there is a law against dropping litter but it is rarely enforced . it is necessary to put something by against days of need . copernicus taught that the earth moves around the sun . copernicus proposed the idea that the earth travels around the sun . i'm looking forward to the day when miss cobb comes back , i can tell you . the only person who's looking forward to miss cobb's return . she'll be seeing to your correspondence while miss cobb's away . jane cobb , his present secretary , is the only person in the office who can stand him . the obsequious waiter is usually assigned the best table because he always curries favor with his manager and superiors . a campaign is underway throughout the company to achieve economy in the use of copying paper . nothing could be more useful than a copying machine . this rose does not smell so sweet as the one i bought the other day . this watch was handed down to me by my grandfather . i'm afraid the story will give him a wrong impression . this story might sound unbelievable but it is true . as i heard the story secondhand , i can't ascertain the truth of it . this story is by far more interesting than that one . this story may sound strange , but it's absolutely true . as to the source of this statement , i know nothing . the lesson of this story is not that reading shakespeare will help one rise in the business world . the paper discusses the problem in terms of ethics . the essay treats of the progress of cancer research . we are not concerned in this paper with the application of emmet's theory in biology .
eng	 in this paper i limit the discussion to emmet's 'dyad' style in his works from 1995 . in this paper , i compare the folklores of germany and holland . in the first section of this review i raise the question of how brain processes cause our conscious experiences . this exercise is easy enough for me to do without help . this pair of lovers were carrying on an ardent correspondence . this train left aomori thirty minutes late , so we won't arrive at tokyo before noon , i'm afraid . this train makes connections with a ferry - boat at takamatsu . take this train and make a change at the next station . this history book is written for high school students . how many minutes shall i boil this frozen asparagus ? the example doesn't fall into any type stated above . in this instance we are provided with an exact account of the conversation between the two poets . this beam won't hold the weight of the second story . the outdoor spa at this hot - spring is wonderful . this theory is too difficult for me to comprehend . for this reason , the credibility of the book's authors rests on the credibility of their sources . i decided to visit the united states on this account . this medicine will ensure you a good night's sleep . please fill in your name and address on this form . this oil field used to produce an order of magnitude more oil as it does now . this medicine will do you good or harm , as the case may be . take this medicine faithfully , and you will feel better . this medicine will cure you of your stomach - ache . you can get rid of the cold if you take this medicine . this medicine will cure your headache immediately . take this medicine , and you'll feel a lot better . you should ask a physician for his advice before taking this medicine . what effect did the doctor say this medicine has on people ? this medicine must not be placed within the reach of children . this poison is very effective in getting rid of roaches . this medicine , properly used , will do you a lot of good . no one can say for sure how this awkward state of affairs came about . let's approach this problem from a different angle . i'll give you five minutes to work out this problem . it took me a couple of hours to solve this problem . i will give you ten minutes to work out this problem . it is difficult , if not impossible , to solve this problem . the two countries came to a political settlement over this dispute . this problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve . this problem is hard to solve . so you had better begin with that one . something must be done immediately to deal with this problem . this problem can not be discussed here for lack of time . this problem is too simple , so it is hardly worth discussing . i can't solve this problem . it's too difficult for me . this problem seems to be easy on the surface , but it's really difficult . this was too difficult a problem for her to solve . this problem arose from a mutual misunderstanding . this problem is not so difficult that you can't solve it .
eng	 there were a lot of opinions , pro and con , on this question . as far as this problem is concerned , you cannot escape your responsibility . what do you have to say with regard to this problem ? in respect of this question , there are three opinions . with respect to this question , there are three problems . with respect to this question , there are three opinions . this problem bristles with difficulties both psychological and economical . i have nothing particular to mention with regard to the affair . if you can't solve this problem , ask your teacher . these trees will screen our new house from public view . this tree is the tallest and oldest in this forest . you'll strain your eyes trying to read in this light . does she come from the agency that sent the last temporary i had ? i want to find out the source of this irresponsible rumor . the eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me . the origins of these people is shrouded in mystery . this fountain pen is as good as any i have ever used . if we read this book we will be able to understand this country better . this book will give you a clear idea of the american way of life . you don't have to use a dictionary when you read this book . every time i read this book , i find something new . i never read this book without being reminded of my old days . it'll take a week or so to read through this book . mr ogata , the author of this book , used to be a newspaperman . no matter who it was that wrote this book , he's very clever . it is possible for you to read this book in a few days . do you think it is difficult to finish reading this book in a week ? this book is a result of his enthusiastic research . this book is for students whose native language is not japanese . this book gives a good picture of life in america during the civil war . this book has 252 pages exclusive of illustrations . this book is fundamental for an understanding of biology . this book is written in easy english for beginners to understand . this book is written in such easy english as beginners can understand . this book is chiefly concerned with the effects of secondhand smoking . this book is within the capacity of young readers . this book is too expensive . i can't afford to buy it . this book deals with the new theory of linguistics . this book is so absorbing that i can't put it down . this book is interesting except for a few mistakes . written in simple english , this book is easy to read . this book is a must for every student studying english . this book is still interesting even after reading it many times . i bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station . this book is so amusing that i could go on reading for hours . this book is designed to teach children how to read . this book , which was once a best seller , is now out of print . this book is not only interesting but also instructive . this book is interesting and , what is more , very instructive . this book is on the manners and customs of america . this book is not only more instructive but more interesting than that book .
eng	 though this is a bulky book with over 1000 pages , i will have read it all by this time next week . this book , which i've read twice , was a gift from peter . this book is of great value to students of science . the hero of the book rails at the injustices of the world but does nothing about them . the stories which you will read in this book deal with some of the many problems which face young people . this book says the earliest man - made bridges date back to the new stone age . this book contains the complete works of shakespeare . in this book , the writer contrasts japan with america . you're going to get much publicity with this book . please ask whether they have this book at the library . what these acts said was that it was illegal to pay someone in anything other than coin of the realm . there is no access to the building from this direction . i have been typing this report since this morning , but i'm only halfway through . this vowel change has much to do with the overall accent pattern assigned to each word . recently , there are a lot of burglaries around here . this neighborhood has more homeless people than you can shake a stick at . the mountains in this part of the country are full of variety . we can get a glimpse of the lifestyle of ancient people from this wall painting . this sentence states exactly how the writer feels . you should rewrite this sentence . it doesn't make sense . will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me ? japan caught up with the united states in this field . the approach employed in this analysis was as follows . this substance is mostly composed of hydrogen and oxygen . i'm afraid this story is too adult for children to appreciate . this story may be adaptable for a television program . all the events described in this story are imaginary . i think this suit is vastly superior to that one in quality . i think this suit is much superior to that one in quality . these clothes are not appropriate for a cold winter day . what sort of jewelry are you going to wear with this dress ? this room is too hot to study in . i can't stand it any more . this room is my bedroom , and the other one is my office . this room is very small , so it is impossible to put more furniture in it . in this corner of the room i'd like to put a house - plant . there is much hatred in this room , and little kindness . don't you think the air conditioner is turned up too high in here ? it was in this room that we had the meeting last friday . the price of this article does not cover the cost of its manufacture . at present it is medically impossible to cure this disease . we know very little about the cause of this disease . in this hospital each nurse attends five patients . this list is inclusive of the past members of the group . patterns of freeze - up and breakup influence the distribution and number of seals , the polar bear's main prey . this encyclopedia is beyond the reach of an ordinary student . this art collection is rich in paintings by dutch masters .
eng	 this beautiful house is so expensive that we can't buy it . this airplane accommodates 400 passengers quite comfortably . this airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time . what time shall we arrive at sapporo if we take this plane ? in this secret code , each number stands for a letter of the alphabet . this novel of his is inferior to the previous one . there are five ways to emancipate themselves from the bond of worldly passions . this vending machine takes only hundred - yen coins . the law prescribes certain penalties for this offence . this style of hairdressing first appeared in the early 19th century . this invention was the result of years of patient experiment . this power station alone provides several cities with electricity . this box is so large that it cannot go into my bag . the eggs in this case are fresher than those in the other case . this box must be large enough for all these books . this horse kicks when anyone comes up from behind . this farm yields enough vegetables to meet our needs . while this group has a great deal of spending power , it is not working , and therefore , not producing anything . this yearbook is illustrated with a lot of beautiful photographs . this source is dependable and predictable , but more research is still needed in this area . this cat is , so to speak , a member of our family . i'm afraid this kind of meeting isn't getting us anywhere . i'd like to have this meat dish with your best white wine . the second test is a great improvement on the first . do you think there is another answer to this difficult problem ? this road is closed to traffic for construction work . since there are no buses on this road , we will have to walk . if it is used properly , this tool will be a great help . this tool , if used carelessly , can be very dangerous . you can't go along this road . it is under repair . this road will lead you to the station and the city center . this road will take you down to the edge of lake biwa . go down this road until you get to a traffic light and then turn left . this fairy tale is easy enough for a seven - year - old child to read . there seems to be some genetic problem with this animal . these animals were startled by the noise of the fireworks . this transparent liquid contains a kind of poison . if you stand on this stool , you can reach the top of the closet . in these statistics egypt is classed as an african nation . this island belonged to france in the 19th century . we had less snow this winter than we had expected . there has been a lot of sickness in my family this winter . i hear this is the coldest winter we have had in the past ten years . i'm looking forward to visiting your country this winter . the law forbids the building of any skyscraper on this land . there is a severe shortage of water in this city , so we must give up having a bath occasionally . can i make a credit card call on this public phone ? if this train is delayed , we shall miss our connection at kobe . i should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it .
eng	 this tradition has been passed down from generation to generation . the store sells foodstuffs , such as butter , cheese , and sugar . can i reserve a bottle and have you keep it here for me ? at this shop , we expect a well - groomed appearance . a sprain like this should heal within a week or so . all in favor of this proposition will please say aye . this initiative follows the dca phone conference on dec 17 attended by 40 people from 27 firms . this beautiful garden owes more to art than to nature . there are plants of different kinds in this garden . we all hope that this cease - fire will make for world peace . walking along this street , i often see a friend of mine . go straight down this street and turn right at the third light . go along this street and you'll come to the post office on the left . if you follow this street , you will get to the station . written in plain style , as it is , his paper is easy to read . this bird's large wings enable it to fly very fast . the city was ruined by the brutal force of nature . this town still retains something of the old days . this town is quite different from what it was ten years ago . the population of this city is decreasing every year . the population of this town has been static for the last ten years . everyone in the city appears to be constantly on the go . the women in this town will want flowers to put in their houses . our city's transport problems are minor when measured against capitals like london and new york . the climate of this town is so mild that the thermometer seldom rises to thirty degrees , even in midsummer . one out of three persons in this city has his own car . is this the first time that you have come to this town ? there are a lot of people and cars in this city . it is a busy city . how many times a week do they collect garbage in this town ? there are many questionable points in this ledger . these beams will not carry the weight of the roof . quite a few people were killed on the cold wave that hit this area . the young women of this district are well known for their beauty . a great many houses were damaged in the earthquake . we often come across japanese tourists in this area . every person in this community is like a cell in the immune system of a healthy human body . this area was first settled by the dutch more than two hundred years ago . it is necessary to look more carefully into the demographic configuration of this region . unemployment in this part of the country is virtually nonexistent . people living in this area are dying for want of water . we must pay attention to the fact that no nation claimed sovereignty over this region . this district is free from environmental pollution . it is the educational system that needs to be reformed in this area . from this point we go on to an even more detailed examination of the concept of repression . this group passes out information on such things as travel and health care , and encourages its members to vote on issues that affect this age group such as legislation regulating the insurance industry , medical care and housing .
eng	 the light is completely blocked out by the big tree . there is a fairly small number of students at this university . some students in this university don't even know how to talk to teachers . there are ten thousand students in this university . this big gate is disproportionate to the small garden . this large sofa would be out of place in a small room . with the token they could only go to the company shop and buy food or clothing from that shop . the things in this village are cheaper than those in ours . along with this increase , there has been a change in the world's economic organization . this noise is something which i refuse to put up with . this device made it possible to turn sea - water into fresh water easily . this window won't open . see if you can get it to move . this magnificent cathedral dates back to the middle ages . this organization relies entirely on voluntary donations . since in this organization they're all chiefs and no indians , it's a wonder any decisions get made . if this organization is left as it is , it will soon go bankrupt ; its recovery is as difficult as swapping horses while crossing a stream . generally speaking , the students of this class are very good . the last time i went to china , i visited shanghai . there is nothing new transpired since i wrote you last . at the last office i went to i ran out of work after a couple of hours , which made the rest of the day rather boring . that girl couldn't take things down in longhand , let alone shorthand . i remember riding home on a pickup truck last sunday . last sunday , mary and i went to the library together . what was the idea of leaving the cup upside down last time ? on my last visit to kyoto i enjoyed myself very much . last summer , i finally left the firm that i had joined twelve years before . i found that she wore the same dress that i had seen her wear last time . you seem to have made considerable progress since i saw you last . the other day i ran out of gas in the middle of a busy interstate . could you tell me how to use this washing machine ? this river is about one third as long as the shinano . this river is so polluted that fish can no longer live in it . there is a bridge about one kilometer up this river . that bridge across this river is the oldest in the town . the number of fish caught in this river was very small . take this folding umbrella with you . it might come in handy . this ticket allows you to stop over at any station . this ticket holds good only for two days after purchase . could you change the departure date for this ticket ? hunting game is forbidden in these tranquil woods . hunting game is forbidden in this tranquil wilderness . please order this product by february 15 , and we will be able to deliver it before march 15 . each of these students has his or her own opinion . i want to buy this material for a new dress . how much does it cost ? this political problem gave rise to hot discussions . this policy is sure to go a long way towards stimulating business .
eng	 this system will work well in nine cases out of ten . this system is bristling with defects and drawbacks . there is no room for further improvement in this system . can you imagine a time when the world is free of war ? there is nothing in this world that i am afraid of . the day will come when i cease to be on this earth . there's only one pretty child in the world , and every mother has it . everybody in this world has to cope with a lot of difficulties . the best thing in the world for a man is to choose a good wife , the worst being to mistakenly choose an ill - suited one . i find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving . there is nothing on earth that is not affected by the sun . there is nothing in the world from which we can't learn something . nothing is as terrible as losing someone you love in the world . the only thing in the world which one can never receive or give too much is love . this figure is a mirror of the decrease in imports of crude oil . this library has a large collection of chinese books . at this library , you can borrow up to three books at a time . this chart illustrates the function of ozone layer . these children are born not of natural descent , nor of human decision or a husband's will , but born of god . this figure is supposed to represent marilyn monroe , but i don't think it does her justice . he came as a witness to testify concerning that light . it has taken forty - six years to build this temple . fill in this application form and send it at once . the newspaper began to lose readers when it dispensed with one of its most popular writers . if you will not be available at the new time , please let us know . we can offer these new products at 20% below list price . this modern machine dispenses with much hard labor . this new model of car is so popular that they have had to open a new factory to meet the demand . this new soft drink is the best thing to drink this summer . it is hoped that this new policy will create jobs on a large scale . you will save time if you adopt this new procedure . a feature of this new car is that if a drunk person is driving , the engine won't start . i'd like to try out this new model before i buy it . with these new boots of mine , i hope to knock them dead . this new bus service will meet the residents' needs . this food will keep for a week in an airtight container . this food contains all the minerals without which our bodies would not function . please let me tell you a little bit about this position . this would enable us to compete more effectively with other agencies . supply me with this information as soon as possible . this information is not as up - to - date as it should be . you should treat this information in the main body of the text , not in the notes . in this case , translation is , in effect , impossible . please allow me to say a few words on this occasion . this castle tower commands a panoramic view of the whole city . can you match this coat with something a little more colorful ?
eng	 the best laid plans of mice and men often go awry . the evidence leaves no room for doubt ; this can't be an original picasso . it follows from this evidence that she is innocent . from this evidence it follows that he is innocent . from this evidence , it follows that he is not the criminal . this chapter will focus on the concepts of geometry . this chapter will focus on the riddles of the planets . for how long will i continue to have these symptoms ? this promotion properly reflects the quality and diligence of your work . these girls , who're my pupils , have come to see me . few students are interested in reading this novel . every time i read this novel , i find it very interesting . this novel exercised a great influence on young people . this novel is so easy that even a child can read it . this novel is by far more interesting than that one . this novel describes the life of the japanese as it was a hundred years ago . this novel is more interesting than the one i read last week . this product is well known by its advertisement on television . this lady witnessed an accident at three o'clock this afternoon . these girls are more charming than the ones i met yesterday . in copying this paper , be careful not to leave out any words . please turn over these papers and explain the matter to me in detail . the document clearly spells out the correct procedure for dealing with complaints . this form looks kind of complicated . help me fill it out . i would rather stay at home than go out in this hot weather . recently i have been feeling a little tired , so i have not gone swimming this week . during my last spring vacation i took a job in a restaurant to help pay the costs of my trip abroad . i don't think that you did all this homework by yourself . i hope you can join us at these very important july dca meetings and complement your stay by exploring some of the many affordable charms of tokyo . we'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position . the two strongest teams will clash with each other this weekend . this custom has become firmly established among the japanese . this custom has been handed down from generation to generation . it is said that there will be a general election this fall . they say there will be a general election this fall . they are going to bring out " romeo and juliet " this coming fall . this species holds the record for long - distance migration . the suit materials of this sort will not stand up well . few books of this character have come to my attention . with this type of insurance , most policies don't come with a maturity refund . this kind of specialized knowledge has very little to do with daily life . this kind of plant grows only in the tropical regions . this kind of case is amenable to statistical treatment . a pair of leather gloves is a must when you work with these machines . i think this kind of custom is unique to asian countries . this kind of music is something that older people have difficulty understanding .
eng	 there's a lot of red tape involved in this procedure . he said to himself , " will this operation result in success ? " see to it that this letter is posted without fail . don't forget to mail this letter first thing in the morning . when i have finished writing the letter , i will take you to the lake about two miles beyond the hill . you had better get this letter registered for fear it should be lost . this letter is personal , and i don't want anyone else to read it . this letter is too long to have it translated at a reasonable price . this handmade italian - made titanium bicycle is terribly light . this kind of magazine can do harm to young people . there's a lot of money at stake in this transaction . you need to come to terms with your jealousy of this young man . his victory at this age in an international competition is a good indication of a bright future . i would like to have this car repaired as soon as possible . this seems expensive , but it's so durable it will pay in the long run . this car is running less smoothly than it used to . we need to look for a gas station because this car will soon run out of gas . the price of this car is discounted fifteen percent . the tires of this car don't have enough air in them . this car has enough power to go up the mountain easily . the status of a doctor is very high in this community . i find it apt to cause misunderstanding that society confers such emotional privileges upon youth . i want this photograph developed as soon as possible . i never see this picture without thinking of my dead mother . i never see this picture without thinking of my father . i never see this picture without thinking of my young days . i cannot look at this photo without being reminded of my school days . i never see this photo without being reminded of my happy days in the countryside . when i see this picture , i'm reminded of our holiday . i never see this picture without being reminded of my childhood . every time i see this picture , i remember my father . every time i see this photo , i think of my father . have a good look at this picture and find me in it . have a good look at this picture and tell me whether or not you can find me in it . how do you like these photos ? i had them developed today . this photograph reminds me of enjoyable times when i was a child . please call us when you see the cat in this picture . you can't be too careful when doing this experiment . the result of this experiment leads to our presumption that element t determines the entire structure . we used the following procedures in this experiment . it is of great significance in this experiment to accelerate the particle m in the horizontal direction . you can't afford to be careless in this experiment . all i could mumble in response was that when i was a man of fifty , my mother would lean out of the window when i left and remind me not to drive too fast . this failure was brought about by your own negligence . this increase in unemployment is a consequence of the recession .
eng	 this dictionary is adapted for high school students . this dictionary is primarily intended for high school students . this dictionary contains about 40 , 000 headwords . this dictionary is very expensive , but is worth buying . this dictionary contains not more than 20 , 000 words . this dictionary , of which the third volume is missing , cost me a hundred dollars . the examples in this dictionary are easy to understand . there is plenty of room for improvement in this dictionary . this dictionary contains not less than fifty thousand words . when you compare this dictionary with that one , you can easily see which is better . in this dictionary the pronunciation comes right after the headword . this bicycle has been left here since the beginning of this month . if in this self - portrait i seem to be staring at you , i'm not . the magnetite is attracted to the earth's magnetic field . the lines of this field run between magnetic north and magnetic south at the two poles . i will see you on next tuesday , that is to say , the 10th of september . please tell me about your town in your next letter . the quality of craftsmanship in this clock company is unsurpassed . i would buy this watch , except it's too expensive . i would like to exchange this watch with a cheaper one . this watch needs repairing . it gains 20 minutes a day . this watch is as expensive a gift as that bracelet . there's a lot of traffic on the roads around this time of the day . the roads are very crowded at this time of the day . it's odd that there should be a light on in the office at this hour . this temple is said to have been built over 500 years ago . do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to ? the usual business hours in this office are from nine to five . in the light of this fact , it is clear that he is innocent . this fact shows that the earth goes round the sun . this accident was brought about by his carelessness . this accident resulted from the carelessness of the driver . about one hundred people were killed in this accident . there must be something at the back of this matter . i remember the event as clearly as if it had happened just yesterday . little did i dream of my success in this business . there must be something at the bottom of all this . don't be so worked up over this thing . it will all blow over before you know it . the implications of this did not at first sink in . it follows from this that he was aware of the fact . this all happened at bethany on the other side of jordan , where john was baptizing . translating this material calls for a lot of patience . it is questionable whether this data can be relied on . this attempt has been less than a complete success . she must have been very young when she wrote this poem . this poem calls for great insight from the reader . i cannot tell which is the right side of this paper . please write your name at the bottom of this paper . would you mind writing it down on this piece of paper ? my friend here is not only a pianist , but also a composer .
eng	 this city has been increasing in population year after year . the mayor of this city was blamed for turning a deaf ear to the people's requests . there are a number of movie theaters in this city . this puppy is crying because it misses its mother . this child solved the complicated mathematics problem easily . i want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon . if we don't finish this job , we'll lose the next contract . i will read a book when i have finished this task . to complete this work , the following working items are recommended . it is impossible for me to finish this work in a day . this job makes tremendous claims on our emotional strength . i don't think i can get through all this work by five . it is just out of the question for me to finish the work in a day . this work took me 5 days , but it will take you as many weeks . ability to operate a computer is critical for this job . you can go home after you have finished this work . i intend to take a month's vacation on completion of this work . i can take a good long rest when this work is finished . we found out recently that some foxes live here on this mountain . did you know that some foxes lived on this mountain ? in all likelihood , you will pass the entrance exam if you use this textbook . the three organizations are the international monetary fund , the international bank for reconstruction and development , and the general agreement on tariffs and trade . don't throw away this magazine . i haven't read it yet . the editor and publisher of this magazine was criticized by some readers . this magazine helps me to keep up with what's happening in the world . according to this magazine , the economic situation in japan is getting worse year by year . according to this magazine , my favorite actress will marry a jazz musician next spring . this composition is so badly written than i can not make out what he means . the english used in the composition is too good . she can't have written it herself . i'd like you to pick up the pace a little on this job . i think that this material is of benefit to everyone . when the englishman heard this last question , he could not believe his ears . i wish you would tell me what i ought to do in this difficult situation . this antique brazier no longer has any real utility . this national treasure can be seen by the public only once a year . this country was subject to a neighboring country . this country has an even temperature throughout the year . this is the most beautiful country i have ever visited . please show me some of the travel guides for this country . people in this country make it a habit to bow when they meet . people of this country do not respect their old traditions any longer . the population of the country is roughly estimated at 50 , 000 , 000 . the population of this country is smaller than that of the united states . one of the main products of this country is coffee . this nation's economy is growing by leaps and bounds in recent years . several universities in this country enjoy great prestige .
eng	 women didn't use to talk politics in this country . a lot of children live from hand to mouth in this country . a politician has to be able to stick with any lies in this country . the birthrate is rapidly declining in this country . in this country there are only few examples that ideology and religion are helpful in character building for people . for too long society has placed sole emphasis on children's test results , to the detriment of social discipline . money lending is a profitable business in this country . it is unlikely that this indictment will lead to his deportation . there are no fewer than a dozen bedrooms in this mansion . please give us a call now if you want to participate in the workshop ! this course will help you master correct pronunciation . i intend to hammer this idea into the student's heads . these structures would rarely , if ever , occur in spoken english . we encounter similar difficulties when we substitute rectangles for triangles in this configuration . this factory's productive capacity is 250 cars a week . robots have taken the place of men in this factory . we'll have a good crop if this good weather keeps up . i cannot finish reading this thick book in a week . this park used to be a hunting ground for a noble family . there are as many as two hundred cherry trees in this park . the accent of this word is on the second syllable . a mysterious legend has been handed down about this lake . everyone knows that there is something new in this old capital . i don't think this old car will make it to the top of the hill . this old building isn't worth fixing up . it would be better to tear it down . this old french table is a very valuable piece of furniture . this old suit is just about done for ; i shall have to get a new one . these words were spoken by someone who shall be nameless . the word came to be used for all small heavenly bodies revolving about larger ones . we can conclude that this phenomenon is not related to either pollutant . there is not a physical explanation for this phenomenon yet . from this standpoint history can be divided into two main epochs . i hope this expense report contains all the relevant business expenses because i'm not paying a cent more after this . this study compares the immigration policies of various nations . in the early part of my study , i allude to work that had already been done on the psychology of crowd - control . the patients in this study consisted of 30 males and 25 females . to what extent did he play a part in the research project ? this dog is trained to save people in the mountains . this dog is , so to speak , a member of our family . this building looks large from the front , but not from the side . this building should be kept as a national heritage . this building is one of the many glories of venice . is it all right to take pictures in this building ? it is necessary to obtain the sanction of the authorities to enter this building . you aren't permitted to bring dogs into this building . you are not permitted to bring dogs into this building .
eng	 we would appreciate it if you grant us this concession . it was proposed that this matter be considered at the next meeting . i'll talk it over with marty and see what he thinks . his interpretation of this matter is too one - sided . do you have anything to say with regard to this matter ? i apologize that i'm not able to give a better reference to this work . would you please check this matter with your bank ? if you want to discuss the situation , please let us know . i will get in touch with you again about this matter . i must bring home to him the fact that he is wrong in this case . get me all the information you can on this matter . please make an appointment to come in and discuss this further . please accept our apologies for the trouble this matter has caused you . this result means , contrary to prior expectations , that the number of variants does not affect the processing speed . if it were not for this defect , i should hire him at once . it's not easy to pick out the best actors for this play . are you going to let this fried chicken go begging ? this plan has not yet been cleared by the committee . this project will involve 50 trained staff members . the main feature of this scheme is still ambiguous . there's much room for improvement in this project . they had good flashes of inspiration about this plan . it is yet to be seen whether this plan will succeed or not . leave me out of this plan . i don't want to get involved . this scenery carries me back to my old native town . this contract binds me to pay them 10 thousand dollars . these shoes are expensive , and what is more , they are too small . these shoes are so tight that i can't put them on . from the look of the sky , the typhoon will probably be raging in all its fury about this time tomorrow . from the look of the sky , it may rain in the afternoon . judging from the look of the sky , we might have a shower before nightfall . this silverware set has been in my family for generations . this gold watch is the apple of my eye . mother gave it to me as a keep - sake in her later years . the money will be enough to carry me to hong kong . is there a restaurant around here that serves local delicacies ? all the houses in this neighborhood look so much alike that i can't tell them apart . i wonder if you could tell me if there is a post office in this area . three large buildings near here are under construction . we have no other alternative but to swap horses midstream and inject a fresh atmosphere and new ideas into our organization . at this corner there happened an accident that was to be remembered for years . this extraordinary increase is explained by the speedy economic unification which took place during the same period . i never cross this bridge without being reminded of my childhood . this bridge is three times as long as that bridge . this bridge is one and half times as long as that . this classroom can accommodate only thirty students . this textbook , having been printed in haste , has a lot of printing mistakes .
