eng	some companies guarantee their workers a job for life .
eng	we had to put off the meeting because of the storm .
eng	we are constrained to and restrained from an action .
eng	we should keep every school open and every teacher in his job .
eng	our team can easily beat your team in the first game .
eng	don't scratch your mosquito bite . it'll get inflamed .
eng	i needn't have watered the flowers . just after i finished , it started raining .
eng	the scientist maintained that the theory should be tested through experiments .
eng	they have time to spend with their families or to enjoy their hobbies .
eng	when i came home , my mother was standing by the door in tears .
eng	the alternative possibilities are neutrality or war .
eng	 " what time would you like that for ? " " two o'clock would be good . "
eng	if you have some troubles , i recommend you confer with him .
eng	if i were you , i would go home and take a good rest .
eng	any result obtained through the execution of the commissioned business shall belong to each party hereto .
eng	stop beating around the bush and tell me what happened .
eng	the station is near here . you'll be in time for the train .
eng	unlike great britain , the upper house in the united states is an elected body .
eng	 " why are you studying english so hard ? " " to be an english teacher . "
eng	if you go to the movies , take your sister with you .
eng	i would rather stay at home than go out in the rain .
eng	seeing that it is raining , you had better stay home .
eng	when will they have that picture ready that i wanted to get blown up ?
eng	generally speaking , the climate in england is mild .
eng	i couldn't wait to get my hands on one of those ibooks and now i got one as a present . i feel so lucky !
eng	i think it's dangerous to climb that mountain alone .
eng	count as one fractions of half a yen and over , but ignore those of less .
eng	the doctor told mr smith to give up smoking if he wanted to live long .
eng	how were the bodies of those who died disposed of ?
eng	the weak - willed are prone to go to the dogs ; the strong - willed turn failure into success .
eng	the following passage is a quotation from a well - known fable .
eng	i gave up the idea of seeing the sights of the city because of the bad weather .
eng	we should make the best of the limited natural resources we have .
eng	it seems that wataru devoted himself to his studies .
eng	our combined fleet broke through the enemy's defense zone .
eng	robson's proposal is tantamount to defending terrorists because they have a cause .
eng	the leisure industry is sinking more money into new resorts .
eng	lisa , keep an eye on my suitcase while i buy our train tickets .
eng	the most credible hypothesis is the one that limits the number of elements in the domain t .
eng	past the west coasts of europe and africa to the tip of southern africa .
eng	the upper part of the mountain is covered with snow .
eng	born in better times , he would have become famous .
eng	if my mother were still alive , she would have helped me .
