eng	i can only wonder if this is the same for everyone else .
eng	 " what's going on in the cave ? i'm curious . " " i have no idea . "
eng	so annoying . . . now i get a headache whenever i use the computer !
eng	nowadays we want our children to make their own decisions , but we expect those decisions to please us .
eng	when you send a telegram , brevity is essential because you will be charged for every word .
eng	there is a fine line between speech that is terse and to the point and speech that is too abrupt .
eng	james had a great fear of making mistakes in class and being reprimanded .
eng	a cursory examination of his teeth indicated that he had gingivitis .
eng	if i showed you my house , my neighborhood back then , would you understand where i am from ?
eng	death is only a horizon , and a horizon is nothing save the limit of our sight .
eng	wealth comes to those who make things happen , not to those who let things happen .
eng	you look tired . you ought to rest for an hour or two .
eng	did you break the window on purpose or by accident ?
eng	in the light of what you told us , i think we should revise our plan .
eng	your essay has some mistakes , but as a whole it is very good .
eng	there are few high - ranking positions left open for you .
eng	it makes little difference whether you go today or tomorrow .
eng	are you saying that our plan was accepted ? i hope you're not showing me any premature happiness here .
eng	if it were not for air , we could not live on the earth .
eng	when friday comes around , it's time for me to let my hair down and enjoy the weekend .
eng	as for the students of today , i don't know what they are thinking about .
eng	the habits of highly intelligent people offer a clue as to how to do that .
eng	the professor requires excellent work of his students .
eng	excuse me , but let me have another look at the photo .
eng	there was an enormous traffic jam in downtown kyoto .
eng	i received a five hundred dollar advance on my pay .
eng	as it was printed in haste , the book has many misprints .
eng	the guests wished the happy couple a long and prosperous life .
eng	as to onomatopoetic expressions , we find interesting examples in hopi .
eng	we believe that you will be able to make a price concession .
eng	take it easy . i can assure you that everything will turn out fine .
eng	geometry , about which i know nothing , seems like a very dull subject .
eng	the countries concerned settled the dispute by peaceful means .
eng	you must act under the leadership of your supervisor .
eng	the stock price index was off 200 points yesterday .
eng	some of the students were from asia and the others were from europe .
eng	the school is located within five minutes' walk of the station .
eng	surely the most curious of sources consulted is mankind quarterly .
eng	cover your mouth when you cough , sneeze , or yawn .
eng	mastering a foreign language involves a lot of patience .
eng	pioneer men and women had a hard life , and so did their children .
eng	when you travel abroad , you usually need a passport .
eng	if it isn't out of your way , please take this letter to the post office .
