eng	for some reason i feel more alive at night .
eng	some companies guarantee their workers
eng	a job for life .
eng	no one shall be held guilty of any penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence , under national or international law , at the time when it was committed
eng	it depends on the context .
eng	he's a pretty unique guy wearing bell
eng	bottoms and hawaiian shirts to the office .
eng	everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief , and freedom , either alone or in community with others and in
eng	are you freaking kidding me ? !
eng	his official title at the company
eng	is assistant to the president .
eng	everyone , as a member of society , has the right to social security and is entitled to realization , through national effort and international co - operation and in accordance with the organization
eng	that's the stupidest thing i've ever said .
eng	his career prospects at the
eng	company are not too promising .
eng	everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well - being of himself and of his family , including food , clothing , housing and medical care and necessary social services
eng	i don't want to be lame ; i want to be cool ! !
eng	when the company refused to increase
eng	their wages , they walked out .
eng	everyone has the right to education . education shall be free , at least in the elementary and fundamental stages . elementary education shall be compulsory . technical and professional education
eng	when i grow up , i want to be a king .
eng	we insist that a meeting be
eng	held as soon as possible .
eng	education shall be directed to the full development of the human personality and to the strengthening of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms . it shall promote understanding , tolerance
eng	i'm so fat .
eng	we will let you know the time
eng	and date of the meeting soon .
eng	in the exercise of his rights and freedoms , everyone shall be subject only to such limitations as are determined by law solely for the purpose of securing due recognition and respect for the rights
eng	so what ?
eng	the date and place of
eng	the meeting have been fixed .
eng	me and my colleagues lived in a small 2 room cabin built on the edge of a cliff on the mountain . i say 2 rooms , but besides the entrance , there was a 6 by 2 tatami room . we ate potatoes , dried
eng	i'm gonna shoot him .
eng	a bookkeeper computes all the company's
eng	income and expenses each week .
eng	it is sickness to be obsessed with winning , it is sickness to be obsessed with using the martial arts , and it is sickness to be obsessed with putting forth all one has learned . it is sickness to
eng	be obsessed with offense , and it is also sickness to be obsessed with defense . it is also sickness to be obsessed with getting rid of sickness . to fix the mind obsessively on anything is considered
eng	i'm not a real fish , i'm just a mere plushy .
eng	when the accountant was arrested , rumour had
eng	it that it was for his creative bookkeeping .
eng	forty - four americans have now taken the presidential oath . the words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace . yet , every so often , the oath is taken
eng	amidst gathering clouds and raging storms . at these moments , america has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office , but because we the people have remained faithful
eng	i'm just saying !
eng	my stomach started growling right there in
eng	the meeting . it was embarrassing .
eng	the most merciful thing in the world , i think , is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents . we live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity ,
eng	and it was not meant that we should voyage far . the sciences , each straining in its own direction , have hitherto harmed us little ; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will
eng	open up such terrifying vistas of reality , and of our frightful position therein , that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new
eng	that was probably what influenced their decision .
eng	please let me know immediately if you would like to set
eng	up an area of the conference room for your products .
eng	when i was very young , my father died . his younger brother , due to the vicissitudes of the times and to his own laziness , dissipated his own fortune and afterwards became a peddler of writing
eng	this is what i would have said .
eng	how do you account for
eng	your absence from the meeting ?
eng	a democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government . it can only exist until the majority discovers it can vote itself largess out of the public treasury . after that , the majority always
eng	that's because you're a girl .
eng	the conference is to be held
eng	in tokyo the day after tomorrow .
eng	when the trumpets sounded , the army shouted , and at the sound of the trumpet , when the men gave a loud shout , the wall collapsed ; so everyone charged straight in , and they took the city . they
eng	sometimes i can't help showing emotions .
eng	the meeting will be held
eng	regardless of the weather .
eng	we all live , at any rate for a time , and the majority of us always , in polygamy . consequently , as each man needs many women , nothing is more just than to let him , nay , make it incumbent upon
eng	it's a word i'd like to find a substitute for .
eng	the meeting was adjourned
eng	until the following week .
eng	that woman is by nature intended to obey is shown by the fact that every woman who is placed in the unnatural position of absolute independence at once attaches herself to some kind of man , by whom
eng	it would be something i'd have to program .
eng	the meeting will be postponed till
eng	the 20th of this month .
eng	children below the age of 8 have an underdeveloped frontal lobe that might cause them to be unable to separate reality from fantasy . some of them might believe that there are monsters in their closet
eng	i don't intend to be selfish .
eng	it has been agreed that the
eng	meeting will be held on friday .
eng	there is no such thing , at this stage of the world’s history in america , as an independent press . you know it and i know it . there is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions , and if
eng	you did , you know beforehand that it would never appear in print . i am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper i am connected with . others of you are paid similar salaries for
eng	similar things , and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job . if i allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my
eng	papers , before twenty - four hours my occupation would be gone . the business of the journalist is to destroy the truth , to lie outright , to pervert , to vilify , to fawn at the feet of mammon
eng	, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread . you know it and i know it , and what folly is this toasting an independent press ? we are the jumping jacks , they pull the strings and
eng	let's consider the worst that could happen .
eng	it was announced that the
eng	meeting would be put off .
eng	the french language , by the way , is a clear stream that affected writers have never been , and will never be able to ripple . each century has thrown in this limpid current its fashions , its pretentious
eng	archaisms and its preciousness , without anything surfacing from those useless attempts , those powerless efforts . the nature of this language is to be clear , logical and nervous . it won't let
eng	how many close friends do you have ?
eng	meetings are to be held on the afternoon of july 15 ( tuesday ) , all
eng	day july 16 ( wednesday ) , and the morning of july 17 ( thursday ) .
eng	there is a cult of ignorance in the united states , and there always has been . the strain of anti - intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life
eng	this is always the way it has been .
eng	the meeting will begin at 6 : 00 and
eng	dinner will be served at 7 : 00 .
eng	methinks i am like a man , who having struck on many shoals , and having narrowly escap'd shipwreck in passing a small frith , has yet the temerity to put out to sea in the same leaky weather - beaten
eng	i think it is best not to be impolite .
eng	the council began at 9 : 00 and
eng	should be finished by 10 : 45 .
eng	no society can surely be flourishing and happy , of which the greater part of the members are poor and miserable . it is but equity , besides , that they who feed , cloath and lodge the whole body
eng	one can always find time .
eng	guess what the managing director started off the meeting by saying . the
eng	first thing out of his mouth was an announcement of some major restructuring .
eng	the poorest man may in his cottage bid defiance to all the forces of the crown . it may be frail — its roof may shake — the wind may blow through it — the storm may enter — the rain may enter — but
eng	i'd be unhappy , but i wouldn't kill myself .
eng	at the meeting he monopolized the
eng	discussion and completely disrupted the proceeding .
eng	how much more so for my father , the honourable mr jia , who is generous and chivalrous , anxious to help those in difficulty , deals with people’s problems , and helps people marry off their daughters
eng	when i woke up , i was sad .
eng	it would help us if you would
eng	reserve the following hotel during our conference .
eng	if one person's qualities are really good , and they have one hundred points , but of those hundred they only give you thirty or forty , or even ten or twenty and then inversely , another person maybe
eng	that is somewhat explained at the end .
eng	taking notes at each meeting is
eng	one of the official duties .
eng	the interdependence of thought and speech makes it clear that languages are not so much a means of expressing truth that has already been established , but a means of discovering truth that was previously
eng	i thought you liked to learn new things .
eng	only a few people showed up
eng	on time for the meeting .
eng	only the assumption that the reader - i better say : the prospective reader , because for the moment there is not the slightest prospect , that my writing could see the lights of publicity , - unless
eng	it miraculously left our endangered fortress europe and brought a hint of the secrets of our loneliness to those outside ; - i beg to be allowed to begin anew : only because i anticipate the wish
eng	to be told casually about the who and what of the writer , i send some few notes on my own individuum out before these openings , - of course not without the awareness that exactly by doing so i might
eng	provoke doubts in the reader , that he is in the right hands , which is to say : if i , from all my being , am the right man for a task to which maybe the heart pulls me more than any qualifying relation
eng	most people write about their daily life .
eng	you have to raise your hand if
eng	you want to speak at the meeting .
eng	liu manqiang , deputy director of the chinese research centre and college for social sciences and information technology , says " information and communication technology has the potential for a huge
eng	in order to do that , you have to take risks .
eng	when kawazoe pinned me down at the meeting
eng	, i broke out in a cold sweat .
eng	so why not just say " if you think you've done enough for tatoeba to become a trusted _ user , write a message to a trusted _ user or moderator that speaks your languages and tell them . they will
eng	why do you ask ?
eng	i was asked to put away all
eng	the papers we used at the meeting .
eng	life is something we are fond of , and death is something we dislike . things we are fond of bring happiness , and things we dislike bring sorrow . only when sorrow and happiness do not lose their
eng	how long did you stay ?
eng	her absence went unnoticed until
eng	the end of the meeting .
eng	the female loves to play man against man , and if she is in a position to do it there is not one who will not resist . the male , for all his bravado and exploration , is the loyal one , the one who
eng	maybe it will be exactly the same for him .
eng	after the meeting she headed
eng	straight to her desk .
eng	love is like some fresh spring , that leaves its cresses , its gravel bed and flowers to become first a stream and then a river , changing its aspect and its nature as it flows to plunge itself in
eng	innocence is a beautiful thing .
eng	the attendance at the party was
eng	larger than had been expected .
eng	magic words and incantations are as fatal to our science as they are to any other . methods , when classified and separated , acquire their true bearing and perspective as a means to an end , not
eng	humans were never meant to live forever .
eng	you do not really understand a
eng	man till you have met him .
eng	experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government's purposes are beneficent . men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by
eng	i think i have a theory about that .
eng	it's not until you have met him
eng	that you really understand a man .
eng	whatsoever therefore is consequent to a time of warre , where every man is enemy to every man ; the same is consequent to the time , wherein men live without other security , than what their own strength
eng	, and their own invention shall furnish them withall . in such condition , there is no place for industry ; because the fruit thereof is uncertain ; and consequently no culture of the earth ; no navigation
eng	, nor use of the commodities that may be imported by sea ; no commodious building ; no instruments of moving , and removing such things as require much force ; no knowledge of the face of the earth
eng	; no account of time ; no arts ; no letters ; no society ; and which is worst of all , continuall feare , and danger of violent death ; and the life of man , solitary , poore , nasty , brutish , and
eng	that is intriguing .
eng	it was around eight last night
eng	when the meeting broke up .
eng	if men were angels , no government would be necessary . if angels were to govern men , neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary . in framing a government which is to
eng	i do not have an account in these forums .
eng	when we were on the brink of
eng	starvation , they saved our lives .
eng	to even mention all the things the bird must constantly keep in mind in order to fly securely through the air would take a considerable part of the evening . . . the bird has learned this art of equilibrium
eng	i didn't know where it came from .
eng	come closer in order that you
eng	may see the screen better .
eng	on the 2nd of september 1792 when the general massacre of the prisoners took place at paris , m . sombreuil was on the point of being sacrificed when he was rescued from the hands of the assassins
eng	this is not important .
eng	please advise us , if possible , of
eng	a company which has developed image processing software .
eng	a miserable quarrel provoked by the hardheartedness of the landlord of a public - house , who insisted upon having three pounds of bread in payment for two pennyworth of wine which the woman had regaled
eng	i didn't like it .
eng	a painter only becomes a true
eng	painter by practicing his craft .
eng	i have been assured by a very knowing american of my acquaintance in london , that a young healthy child well nursed is at a year old a most delicious , nourishing , and wholesome food , whether stewed
eng	she's asking how that's possible .
eng	our company has annual sales
eng	of a thousand million yen .
eng	people talk sometimes of a bestial cruelty , but that's a great injustice and insult to the beasts ; a beast can never be so cruel as a man , so artistically cruel . the tiger only tears and gnaws
eng	you're just running away from life's problems .
eng	we spent the afternoon fooling
eng	around on the beach .
eng	researchers at the university of paderborn have established that it took up to 2000 hours of english learning for a french speaker to speak english correctly . given that there are 32 weeks of classes
eng	there's a problem there that you don't see .
eng	were you just pulling my leg when you said
eng	we were all going to get extra bonuses ?
eng	after i had thought about this elementary question fundamentally , i came to the conclusion that the difference , which is often described as " considerable " or " substantial " by distinguished people
eng	you can do it .
eng	we helped each other
eng	to overcome the difficulties .
eng	should any political party attempt to abolish social security , unemployment insurance , and eliminate labor laws and farm programs , you would not hear of that party again in our political history
eng	. there is a tiny splinter group , of course , that believes you can do these things . among them are h . l . hunt ( you possibly know his background ) , a few other texas oil millionaires , and an
eng	i wish i could go to japan .
eng	we should cultivate our minds
eng	by reading good books .
eng	now it is true that i believe this country is following a dangerous trend when it permits too great a degree of centralization of governmental functions . i oppose this — in some instances the fight
eng	is a rather desperate one . but to attain any success it is quite clear that the federal government cannot avoid or escape responsibilities which the mass of the people firmly believe should be undertaken
eng	by it . the political processes of our country are such that if a rule of reason is not applied in this effort , we will lose everything — even to a possible and drastic change in the constitution
eng	i hate it when there are a lot of people .
eng	we had to put off the
eng	meeting because of the storm .
eng	there is no reason why in a society which has reached the general level of wealth which ours has attained the first kind of security should not be guaranteed to all without endangering general freedom
eng	i have to go to bed .
eng	it is important that we make
eng	plans in relation to anticipated changes .
eng	a democrat is , at the end of the day , one who admits that an opponent can be right , and therefore lets them express themselves and allows for reflection upon their arguments . when parties or men
eng	i won't ask you anything else today .
eng	we use computers to solve problems
eng	and to put information in order .
eng	at the moment , normal users cannot delete sentences , only corpus maintainers can . we will someday add the possibility for users to delete their own sentences , but in the meantime , if you want
eng	it may freeze next week .
eng	we will have to get
eng	over the feeling of helplessness .
eng	here , you have translated from the sentence in < the language you have translated from > and you created a link to that one . i think this is the sentence in < the language you want to translate
eng	from > that you wanted to translate . to do this , you must first click on the sentence in < the language you want to translate from > before clicking on the translation button . the sentence that
eng	you are translating must always stand on top of the pile ( in the largest typeface ) and it is the only one visible at the time you're editing your translation , and that is on purpose to avoid influence
eng	even though he apologized , i'm still furious .
eng	we must be able to
eng	discriminate between objects and situations .
eng	a boy having sold a cow at the fair at hereford , was way - laid by a highwayman , who at a convenient place demanded the money ; on this the boy took to his heels and ran away but being overtaken
eng	the police will get you to find the bullets .
eng	we see things differently , according to
eng	whether we are rich or poor .
eng	after many years of meditation , i have come to the conclusion that for every person , the meaning of life consists precisely in this : to find the meaning of life . i am talking about a unique ,
eng	that wasn't my intention .
eng	we're banking on you to provide
eng	all the money we need .
eng	when an english speaker realises that a foreign person they are speaking to doesn't understand one of their sentences , they repeat it , the same way , but louder , as though the person were deaf
eng	. at no point does it come to their mind that their vocabulary might be complicated or that their expression might most probably be ambiguous to a foreigner and that they could reword it in a simpler
eng	thanks for your explanation .
eng	we cannot distinguish her
eng	from her younger sister .
eng	the franconian guest is entitled to be a little jealous when coming to the traditional holiday residence of high society and the chosen homeland of rich pensioners , smelling the fragrant scents of
eng	theoretically , i'm doing math .
eng	we waited up for him until two
eng	o'clock and then finally went to bed .
eng	it is true that aristotle distinguishes the tyrant from the king by the fact that the former governs in his own interest , and the latter only for the good of his subjects ; but it would follow from
eng	i don't know what you mean .
eng	we thought their shop was a failure , but
eng	now they've gotten out from under and even expanded .
eng	bernard of chartres used to say that we are like dwarfs on the shoulders of giants , so that we can see more than they , and things at a greater distance , not by virtue of any sharpness of sight
eng	my computer has got to be useful for something .
eng	we went to court when they
eng	refused to pay for the damage .
eng	thanks for understanding the drama of my homeland , which is , like pablo neruda would say , a silent vietnam ; there are no occupying troops , nor powerful planes clouding the clean skies of my land
eng	you wanted to tell me about freedom ?
eng	we were greatly surprised at the
eng	news of his sudden death .
eng	then , this child of fourteen years learned , as in a homework , that which we hide to maidens until their wedding night . she flipped through the drawings of the anatomy book , those superb drawings
eng	uh , now it's really weird . . .
eng	we cannot speak too highly
eng	of his great achievements .
eng	every gun that is made , every warship launched , every rocket fired signifies , in the final sense , a theft from those who hunger and are not fed , those who are cold and not clothed . this world
eng	one can't expect everything from schools .
eng	we came to the conclusion
eng	that we should help him .
eng	there is no such thing , at this stage of the world’s history in the united states , as an independent press . you know it and i know it . there is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions
eng	, and if you did , you know beforehand that it would never appear in print . i am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper i am connected with . others of you are paid similar salaries
eng	for similar things , and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job . if i allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of
eng	my papers , before twenty - four hours my occupation would be gone . the business of the journalist is to destroy the truth , to lie outright , to pervert , to vilify , to fawn at the feet of mammon
eng	, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread . you know it and i know it , and what folly is this toasting an independent press ? we are the jumping jacks , they pull the strings and
eng	there are many words that i don't understand .
eng	we demanded that he explain to
eng	us why he was late .
eng	forty - four us americans have now taken the presidential oath . the words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace . yet , every so often , the oath is taken
eng	amidst gathering clouds and raging storms . at these moments , america has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office , but because we the people have remained faithful
eng	you're really not stupid .
eng	we are , in large measure , responsible
eng	for students' success in the entrance exam .
eng	i have come here to seek a new beginning between the united states and muslims around the world ; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect ; and one based upon the truth that the united states
eng	and islam are not exclusive , and need not be in competition . instead , they overlap , and share common principles – principles of justice and progress ; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings
eng	i need to ask you a silly question .
eng	we tend to think that our time is
eng	our own only on sundays and holidays .
eng	to all those who have wondered if the beacon of the united states still burns as bright : tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the
eng	can it be phrased in another way ?
eng	we must maintain the amicable relations between
eng	japan and the u . s .
eng	a little bit earlier this evening , i received an extraordinarily gracious call from senator mccain . senator mccain fought long and hard in this campaign . and he's fought even longer and harder
eng	for the country that he loves . he has endured sacrifices for the united states that most of us cannot begin to imagine . we are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader
eng	no one will know .
eng	we should have taken
eng	the schedule into consideration .
eng	but i will always be honest with you about the challenges we face . i will listen to you , especially when we disagree . and above all , i will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation
eng	it seems interesting to me .
eng	we lack an incentive for
eng	pursuing the eastern market .
eng	to those who seek peace and security . we support you . and to all those who have wondered if the beacon of the united states still burns as bright , tonight we proved once more that the true strength
eng	except that here , it's not so simple .
eng	we postponed our picnic pending
eng	a change in the weather .
eng	what has always united us , what has always encouraged our people , what draws immigrants to america's shores - - is an ideology that talks about aspirations shared by all people : that we should
eng	i like candlelight .
eng	we are faced with the
eng	alternative of resistance or slavery .
eng	chicken tikka massala is now a true british national dish , not only because it is the most popular , but because it is a perfect illustration of the way britain absorbs and adapts external influences
eng	what did you answer ?
eng	every one of us is more
eng	or less interested in art .
eng	zerrin süküt is a satanist girl . she cut a cat , and she's seventeen years old . i condemn all the animal killings . animals are our friends . but zerrin süküt has many haters from every country
eng	no , he's not my new boyfriend .
eng	we were taught that world war
eng	ii broke out in 1939 .
eng	man's unfailing capacity to believe what he prefers to be true rather than what the evidence shows to be likely and possible has always astounded me . we long for a caring universe which will save
eng	us from our childish mistakes , and in the face of mountains of evidence to the contrary we will pin all our hopes on the slimmest of doubts . god has not been proven not to exist , therefore he must
eng	it's too bad that i don't need to lose weight .
eng	we will explore every planet
eng	that goes around the sun .
eng	prudence , indeed , will dictate that governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes ; and accordingly all experience hath shewn , that mankind are more disposed
eng	you never have class or what ? !
eng	we are exploring new sources ,
eng	such as solar and atomic energy .
eng	alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank , and of having nothing to do : once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading , but it had no pictures
eng	where is the problem ?
eng	we should make every effort
eng	to maintain world peace .
eng	as i stood upon the bluff before my cottage on that clear cold night in the early part of march , 1886 , the noble hudson flowing like the grey and silent spectre of a dead river below me , i felt
eng	i can only wait .
eng	we provided the flood victims
eng	with food and clothing .
eng	if you calmly look at the reply you sent to an email , you'll find that it'll have " you " all over it . while you may use the pretext that you're just working with whatever information the addressee
eng	it's not much of a surprise , is it ?
eng	we found it very hard going back
eng	to our base camp in the blizzard .
eng	" do you know what kind of tree you just broke ? " " no , i don't , " i answered the detective . while looking through the open door , the detective shouted , " hey , do you know what kind of tree
eng	he just broke ? " " um , looks like it's a yew plum pine , " said the voice of a young woman . after straightening himself in his seat , the detective asked me one more time : " do you know what kind
eng	i love you .
eng	we shall continue our efforts
eng	to eradicate racial discrimination .
eng	the store that i always go to has calbee potato chips on sale for 98 yen a bag . my favorite flavor is lightly salted . as a matter of fact , the ingredients for this particular flavor changes from
eng	i don't like you anymore .
eng	we exchanged phone numbers at
eng	the end of the gathering .
eng	fundamentally , you're not practicing anything by translating , so even if you say that you can't do it , once you've set your sights on a similar sentence you've seen before that is more natural
eng	i am curious .
eng	now that we are established in our new
eng	house we shall be glad to receive visitors .
eng	you say that you're afraid of being disliked by other people , but you have some people that you dislike yourself , don't you ? arithmetically speaking , there are an equal number of people who you
eng	don't like that don't like you back . i'm not saying that if you end your dislike of someone , someone else will stop disliking you as well ; it's just that you can't change the fact that if you dislike
eng	congratulations !
eng	we are always aiming at
eng	improving the quality of service .
eng	the sum of the ignorance of the republican candidates in the primaries for the u . s . presidential election is simply mind - boggling : one is afraid that china will obtain nuclear weapons , which
eng	they have had for 44 years , and the other proposes to close the u . s . embassy in iran , which has been closed for 32 years . . . such stupidity at the head of the world's most powerful country
eng	i don't want to wait that long .
eng	we have to look the future straight in the
eng	eye and prepare to get through the coming crisis .
eng	after countless calls to the radio and countless newspaper ads in several consecutive days , people flocked to the festival . there are devoured tons of hamburgers that were offered there in abundance
eng	, and drunk liters of beer . as a result was a large number of drunks and thus , massive work for the legions of attending paramedics who had already acquired a huge experience of such mass gatherings
eng	why don't you come visit us ?
eng	we should strike a balance
eng	between our expenditure and income .
eng	legitimate software applications from leading vendors are carrying an additional unwanted load . together with their application , some of them change various browser settings as if your browser is
eng	but the possibility seems unlikely .
eng	there is nothing for it but
eng	to put off our departure .
eng	many people , especially ignorant people want to punish you for speaking the truth , for being correct , for being you . never appologize for being correct or for being years ahead of your time .
eng	i shouldn't have logged off .
eng	we negotiated with the president
eng	about our working hours .
eng	why , of course , the people don't want war . why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece . naturally
eng	i don't know what to do anymore .
eng	we're eating up a lot of
eng	time writing letters by hand .
eng	in the name of the brazilian president , luiz inacio lula de silva , claudio soarez rocha expressed admiration for the continuing effort which esperanto - speaking people throughout the world are
eng	always making , for the greater spread of esperanto . he wrote , amongst other things , " we know that in the history of mankind , there have been languages that have become intrusive as a result
eng	of political power , such as latin , or to a certain extent french and lately , english . we very much wish , in fact , that one day esperanto could be accepted by the majority of the nations , as
eng	i hate chemistry .
eng	we agreed to refrain from smoking
eng	while we are at work .
eng	when i was in middle school , i had a friend in the track club who normally studied 3 hours a day . he didn't speed up the pace before tests . on the contrary , he didn't have any club activities
eng	i didn't want this to happen .
eng	we have to transmit our
eng	culture to the next generation .
eng	it was charming to see how these girls danced . they had no spectators but the apple - pickers on the ladders . they were very glad to please them , but they danced to please themselves ( or at least
eng	you can probably guess what happens though .
eng	we should read the newspaper so as
eng	not to lag behind the times .
eng	is it possible to indicate a date on which a language came into life ? " what a question ! " you will be inclined to say . and yet such a date exists : the 26th of july , the day of esperanto . on
eng	next thing you know , you'll be in the papers .
eng	we must make a close analysis
eng	of the causes of the accident .
eng	ah , alsace ! it is usually known for the beauty of its half - timbered houses , its renowned gastronomy and its famous christmas markets . however , it is also a cultural crossroads in the heart
eng	what other options do i have ?
eng	we abandoned the project because
eng	of a lack of funds .
eng	an englishman , a scotsman , an irishman , a welshman , a gurkha , a latvian , a turk , an aussie , a german , an american , an egyptian , a japanese , a mexican , a spaniard , a russian , a pole
eng	, a lithuanian , a jordanian , a kiwi , a swede , a finn , an israeli , a romanian , a bulgarian , a serb , a swiss , a greek , a singaporean , an italian , a norwegian , an argentinian , a libyan
eng	i am not much of a traveller .
eng	we explored all possible
eng	ways of cutting expenditures .
eng	two years ago , the idea of offering a research semester for particularly interested and committed teachers became reality . the aim is to improve communication between schools and universities .
eng	since teachers are the best people for diffusing newly acquired knowledge , they will be given the opportunity to spend a research sabbatical at a university and to subsequently integrate this knowledge
eng	i have nothing better to do .
eng	we left early so that we
eng	can catch the first train .
eng	many people easily understand the injustice of the current language situation in the world where english dominates . but they also see the collective advantages , as for example a relatively good
eng	and direct communication between intellectuals and leaders of different languages through the english language , and the personal advantages as their own knowledge of the english language . about
eng	i can't explain it either .
eng	we crawled like so many
eng	ants along the mountain pass .
eng	here is a red spider , not so big as a pin's head . can you imagine an elephant being interested in him — caring whether he is happy or isn't , or whether he is wealthy or poor , or whether his sweetheart
eng	returns his love or not , or whether his mother is sick or well , or whether he is looked up to in society or not , or whether his enemies will smite him or his friends desert him , or whether his
eng	everyone has strengths and weaknesses .
eng	we were financially troubled , in
eng	short , we were bankrupt .
eng	and when the hourglass has run out , the hourglass of temporality , when the noise of secular life has grown silent and its restless or ineffectual activism has come to an end , when everything around
eng	it only shows you're not a robot .
eng	we were greatly relieved to find
eng	that the worst dangers were over .
eng	the majority of mankind is lazy - minded , incurious , absorbed in vanities , and tepid in emotion , and is therefore incapable of either much doubt or much faith ; and when the ordinary man calls
eng	how could i be a robot ? robots don't dream .
eng	we've been matched up with
eng	some strong teams this year .
eng	" but what's the contents like ? " - " your tents ? you want to go camping ? " - " no , i'm asking if you liked the book . is it interesting and would you recommend it ? is it , after all , a book
eng	it's not something anyone can do .
eng	we are suffering from a
eng	severe water shortage this summer .
eng	when in sydney , i went one sunday morning to bathe . i was accompanied by a friend who had just arrived from the south sea islands . he was very timid , and clung to the rock , never going beyond
eng	i don't know if i still have it .
eng	even now , we still doubt
eng	that he is the real murderer .
eng	they want to take land , but there are men on that land . they want to get rid of them , so they call them the 'savage' . once called the 'savage' , these men are not considered as humans anymore
eng	what do you think i've been doing ?
eng	we are constrained to and
eng	restrained from an action .
eng	let me add some words about sentence fusion . a human is given two sentences and asked to produce a single coherent sentence that contains only the important information from the original two . this
eng	is a highly constrained summarization task . investigations — carried out by hal daume and daniel marcu — has shown " that even at this restricted level , there is no measurable agreement between
eng	don't underestimate my power .
eng	we consider it the citizens' legitimate
eng	right to have public libraries .
eng	the 26th of september is the european day of languages . the council of europe wants to draw attention to the multilingual heritage of europe , to foster the evolution of multilingualism in society
eng	my mom doesn't speak english very well .
eng	we bargained that we should go
eng	on a five - day week .
eng	some of my friends tell me that they do not want the government in business . with this i agree ; but i wonder whether they realize the implications of the past . for while it has been american doctrine
eng	that the government must not go into business in competition with private enterprises , still it has been traditional particularly in republican administrations for business urgently to ask the government
eng	i don't speak french well enough !
eng	we made a pact that
eng	we wouldn't abandon one another .
eng	it still is true that men can start small enterprises , trusting to native shrewdness and ability to keep abreast of competitors ; but area after area has been preempted altogether by the great corporations
eng	therein lies the problem .
eng	we knocked at the door for
eng	five minutes , but in vain .
eng	although there was once believed to be a causative relationship between syphilis and artistic genius , i would hope that the vast majority of modern artists and writers are reasonable enough to avoid
eng	how do you find food in outer space ?
eng	we import raw materials and
eng	export the finished products .
eng	those were drinking days , and most men drank hard . so very great is the improvement time has brought about in such habits , that a moderate statement of the quantity of wine and punch which one
eng	all you can do is trust one another .
eng	we made arrangements to meet at 6
eng	p . m . on monday .
eng	there is no such thing , at this stage of the world’s history in the united states of america , as an independent press . you know it and i know it . there is not one of you who dare write your honest
eng	opinions , and if you did , you know beforehand that it would never appear in print . i am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper i am connected with . others of you are paid
eng	similar salaries for similar things , and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job . if i allowed my honest opinions to appear
eng	in one issue of my papers , before twenty - four hours my occupation would be gone . the business of the journalist is to destroy the truth , to lie outright , to pervert , to vilify , to fawn at
eng	the feet of mammon , and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread . you know it and i know it , and what folly is this toasting an independent press ? we are the jumping jacks , they pull
eng	everyone wants to meet you . you're famous !
eng	we should not be influenced in
eng	our decisions by our prejudices .
eng	if it were done when 'tis done , then 'twere well / it were done quickly : if the assassination / could trammel up the consequence , and catch / with his surcease success ; that but this blow / might
eng	why are you sorry for something you haven't done ?
eng	we were disappointed because we could
eng	not carry out our plan .
eng	the post - war economic development of vanquished nations can be rapid if they are not looted by the victors . for this there are two reasons . first , everything has not been destroyed : some things
eng	are merely broken ; and a relatively small effort of rehabilitation is multiplied by the value of what remains serviceable . second is the disabling of entrenched power structures , which often stand
eng	i utterly despise formal writing !
eng	we hope to come to an
eng	accord with them about arms reduction .
eng	good conductors of heat are usually good conductors of electricity , but that puts the causal relation backwards . conduction - band electrons can't help but transport kinetic energy , which - - randomized
eng	- - is heat . putting heat before electricity is reasonable only because of the rarity of materials like diamond that conduct heat via the quasi - particles called phonons , which are communicable
eng	foreign people intrigue me .
eng	the president says we must
eng	beef up our military forces .
eng	on the inquest it was shown that buck fanshaw , in the delirium of a wasting typhoid fever , had taken arsenic , shot himself through the body , cut his throat , and jumped out of a four - story window
eng	and broken his neck — and after due deliberation , the jury , sad and tearful , but with intelligence unblinded by its sorrow , brought in a verdict of death " by the visitation of god . " what could
eng	whatever i do , she says i can do better .
eng	we are bored with the
eng	joke of professorial custom .
eng	the net gravitational field at any point on the surface of the earth is the sum of the gravitational fields of all the masses in the universe ; hence it displays diurnal and seasonal variations and
eng	what keeps you up so late ?
eng	we spent the major part of
eng	our holidays in the country .
eng	the context is the most important thing in a translation . a translator might forget a word , but if the context is clear enough to him , he could make himself understood with no problems , but if
eng	he gets an isolated sentence with no explanation , he might understand it ambiguously and he won't translate the real meaning from the original language . that's why you should always provide context
eng	you'd be surprised what you can learn in a week .
eng	we hoped to have done with
eng	the work before the holidays .
eng	in reality , translation is akin to working for peanuts , since the corresponding meaning of something in one language is often hidden in some deep and impenetrable recesses of the other . as a result
eng	i don't have anyone who'd travel with me .
eng	our views are in agreement with
eng	theirs as to the essential points .
eng	your time is limited , so don't waste it living someone else's life . don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking . don't let the noise of other's opinions
eng	you're not fast enough .
eng	we are influenced both by
eng	environment and by heredity .
eng	therefore , putting on one side imaginary things concerning a prince , and discussing those which are real , i say that all men when they are spoken of , and chiefly princes for being more highly
eng	placed , are remarkable for some of those qualities which bring them either blame or praise ; and thus it is that one is reputed liberal , another miserly , using a tuscan term ( because an avaricious
eng	person in our language is still he who desires to possess by robbery , whilst we call one miserly who deprives himself too much of the use of his own ) ; one is reputed generous , one rapacious ;
eng	one cruel , one compassionate ; one faithless , another faithful ; one effeminate and cowardly , another bold and brave ; one affable , another haughty ; one lascivious , another chaste ; one sincere
eng	life is hard , but i am harder .
eng	we went early to make certain
eng	that we could get seats .
eng	same time tomorrow , this time yesterday , same time next week , this time last week , same time next month , this time last month , same time next year , this time last year , never the same , this
eng	time tomorrow , same time yesterday , this time next week , same time last week , this time next month , same time last month , this time next year , same time last year , same time tomorrow , this
eng	bearing can be unbearable .
eng	we all wondered why she had
eng	dumped such a nice man .
eng	the anglo - saxons will not just take your land . they will also take you as a slave , then , when you die , they're going to store your bones in a museum and describe you as a savage in their history
eng	stop it ! you're making her feel uncomfortable !
eng	we must all take care
eng	to preserve our national heritage .
eng	when a thunderstorm suddenly came out of the blue , she jumped abruptly out of the hammock and ran headlong into the house where she stopped short , remembering suddenly that she had no lightning
eng	nothing is beautiful but the truth .
eng	all of us devoted ourselves to
eng	the development of our country .
eng	according to the iau , a " dwarf planet " is a celestial body that ( a ) is in orbit around the sun , ( b ) has sufficient mass for its self - gravity to overcome rigid body forces so that it assumes
eng	tomorrow , he will land on the moon .
eng	we all share the heartfelt wish that he and
eng	all the others will pass the admission examination .
eng	in my day oral proficiency was neglected because professors maintained that the purpose of studying a foreign language was to become acquainted with its literature , and not to strike up a conversation
eng	i don't speak japanese .
eng	we are never so happy nor
eng	so unhappy as we imagine .
eng	true zombies are to be found in the special forces . when you spend a week in the cold , without sleeping , you become a zombie , and the only thing you feel is hatred . hatred towards yourself ,
eng	this is a pun .
eng	we have come to an arrangement
eng	with the dealer about the price .
eng	for the past few years , teenagers who imitate overweight american rappers have been walking like inverted pendulums , swinging from left to right , which is the only way forward if you weigh over
eng	two hundred and sixty pounds , but completely ineffective if you are a scrawny teenager weighing half of that , since most of the energy is wasted on side steps , not to mention the sheer absurdity
eng	nobody understands me .
eng	we kept on working for
eng	hours without eating anything .
eng	among so many actions committed by dictators , we can mention that : they suspend political activity , they suspend the rights of workers , they forbid strikes , they destroy the supreme court of
eng	i learned to live without her .
eng	we didn't help him , so he
eng	did it off his own bat .
eng	patriotism in its simple , clear and plain meaning is nothing other to rulers than an instrument for achieving their power - hungry and self - serving goals . to those who are subjected to them ,
eng	it's useless to keep on thinking any more .
eng	we painted the house once ,
eng	then we went over it again .
eng	i spent that day listening to the lonely scrapings of a pen . during that time , from time to time , i heard a java sparrow twittering . it occurred to me that maybe java sparrows twitter out of loneliness
eng	i have too many things on my mind these days .
eng	ever since we've been wearing clothes
eng	, we haven't known one another .
eng	since my mind governs my thought or rather is my thought , i have no guarantee that i am more correct by realising something that has not only been made by the same mind as its user but also , the
eng	i just wanted to check my email .
eng	we must instill patriotism into
eng	the young people of today .
eng	my latin teacher used to look down sternly on me over the rim of her glasses , but now i know it only had to do with the fact that she was wearing reading glasses and that she will have found it a
eng	you really don't have the right priorities !
eng	we went together to laramie
eng	, and there we parted .
eng	it’s quite obvious that the purport of these misanthropic theories consists in slandering the working masses , relieving the imperialism from the responsibility for the bloody wars it provokes , and
eng	don't expect others to think for you !
eng	we won hands down , because
eng	the other players were weak .
eng	it had been made a condition with these clerks that they should not marry ; so that those who lived to be old had to take care of themselves , to attend to their own comforts , and even to light their
eng	you never have time for important things !
eng	we almost broke our necks
eng	trying to meet the quota .
eng	when a transformation has happened , it's not always reversible . however , sometimes a little change makes the transformation backwards possible . thus , since a change is in this case a transformation
eng	stop seeing me as a " normal " person !
eng	we finally decided to give
eng	him over to the police .
eng	one of the reasons twitter is popular in japan is a characteristic of japanese itself : japanese uses ideograms which enable it to convey more information in just 140 characters than other languages
eng	are you referring to me ?
eng	we depended on the newspapers
eng	for information about it .
eng	aurora borealis , or the " northern lights " , occurs 80 to 160 km ( 50 to 100 miles ) above the earth when energetic particles from a solar storm cause the gases in the upper atmosphere to glow .
eng	it can't be !
eng	we bedded down at the
eng	roadside park for the night .
eng	if i stay here the same thing will happen to me which happens to all other boys and girls . they are sent to school , and whether they want to or not , they must study . as for me , let me tell you
eng	would you like something to drink ?
eng	we must look at the problem
eng	from a global point of view .
eng	in this field you dig a hole and in the hole you bury a gold piece . after covering up the hole with earth you water it well , sprinkle a bit of salt on it , and go to bed . during the night , the
eng	 " who is it ? " " it's your mother . "
eng	we have discussed the problem several
eng	times but to no avail .
eng	the renaissance was a cultural movement that left a deep influence on cultural and intellectual life in the early modern era . beginning in italy , it reached the rest of europe before the sixteenth
eng	uh . . . how's that working ?
eng	we would play baseball after
eng	school in those days .
eng	while the daughters of the viking invaders were brought up by their english mothers and learned to speak good english , the little boys ran along with their fathers picking up less than grammatical
eng	 " trust me , " he said .
eng	we have established friendly relations with
eng	the new government of that country .
eng	so - called " foreign " words , i . e . those which the majority of languages have taken from one source , are used in esperanto without modification , acquiring only esperanto spelling ; but when
eng	 " the phone is ringing . " " i'll get it . "
eng	we gathered all the books together and
eng	put them in the spare room .
eng	a certain man was going down from jerusalem to jericho , and he fell among robbers , who both stripped him and beat him , and departed , leaving him half dead . by chance a certain priest was going
eng	down that way . when he saw him , he passed by on the other side . in the same way a levite also , when he came to the place , and saw him , passed by on the other side . but a certain samaritan ,
eng	as he travelled , came where he was . when he saw him , he was moved with compassion , came to him , and bound up his wounds , pouring on oil and wine . he set him on his own animal , and brought
eng	 " that's very nice of you , " willie answered .
eng	we have to abolish all nuclear weapons
eng	, because they are deadly to mankind .
eng	in tom's new novel , extraterrestrials pursue the ambitious goal of presenting all the life forms in the galaxy in a single vast menagerie . individual humans are also carried off for this purpose
eng	someday i'll run like the wind .
eng	after much debate , we decided
eng	to spend our holidays in spain .
eng	tom was undoubtedly the most intelligent student in the entire school , but whenever the teacher asked him a question for which he was not prepared , he was filled with such nervousness that he would
eng	 " she likes music . " " so do i . "
eng	we talked over jack's plan to put in air
eng	conditioning , but could not come to a decision .
eng	" don't you think that people from english - speaking countries earn an unreasonable amount from the english language industry ? since i'm japanese , i'd like to use materials exclusively made by
eng	japanese people . " " but you know , you can't really tell if the english is good or not unless it's been checked by a native speaker . " " what do you mean by good english ! ? english used by native
eng	please don't cry .
eng	we often fail to realize the extent
eng	to which we depend on others .
eng	while i was thinking over whether i should accept such strange apologies , coutabay leafed through the book and read loudly and expressively : " while i was thinking over whether i should accept such
eng	let me know if there is anything i can do .
eng	we must think about these plans in
eng	terms of what they would cost .
eng	firstly : we , your forebears , cannot help you from the land beyond . secondly : the slayer of wheelchairs came here incognito and therefore could only have brought a small number of guards with
eng	class doesn't begin until eight - thirty .
eng	we were granted the privilege
eng	of fishing in this bay .
eng	contrasting the goals of the soviet science with the goals of the science controlled by the americal imperialists , soviet biology scientists say : “biology is a life science , but american biologists
eng	 " i feel like playing cards . " " so do i . "
eng	we've come to the conclusion that
eng	this is a true story .
eng	american imperialists , in their attempt to break and disorganise the forces of the defenders of peace , democracy and socialism , have established firm contact with the imperialists of the marshall
eng	a japanese would never do such a thing .
eng	we should approach this
eng	problem from different angles .
eng	under the tatoeba guidelines , it is recommended that members only add sentences in their native language and/or translate from a language they can understand into their native language . the reason
eng	for this is that it is much easier to form natural - sounding sentences in one's native language . when we write in a language other than our native language , it is very easy to produce sentences
eng	allen is a poet .
eng	we have to somehow come
eng	through this troublesome situation .
eng	in youth we may have an absolutely new experience , subjective or objective , every hour of the day . apprehension is vivid , retentiveness strong , and our recollections of that time , like those
eng	in a time spent in rapid and interesting travel , are of something intricate , multitudinous , and long - drawn - out . but as each passing year converts some of this experience into automatic routine
eng	the archer killed the deer .
eng	we use gestures as well as
eng	words to communicate with others .
eng	a human being is part of the whole , called by us universe , a part limited in time and space . he experiences himself , his thoughts and feelings as something separated from the rest — a kind of
eng	optical delusion of his consciousness . this delusion is a kind of prison for us , restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us . our task must be to free
eng	communism will never be reached in my lifetime .
eng	we kept track of all our
eng	expenses while we were in australia .
eng	why , of course , the people don't want war . why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece ? naturally
eng	, the common people don't want war ; neither in russia nor in england nor in america , nor for that matter in germany . that is understood . but , after all , it is the leaders of the country who
eng	determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along , whether it is a democracy or a fascist dictatorship or a parliament or a communist dictatorship . [ . . . ] voice or
eng	no voice , the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . that is easy . all you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism
eng	rye was called the grain of poverty .
eng	we must go forward getting
eng	the better of all obstacles .
eng	to give a person one's opinion and correct his faults is an important thing . it is compassionate and comes first in matters of service . but the way of doing this is extremely difficult . to discover
eng	the good and bad points of a person is an easy thing , and to give an opinion concerning them is easy , too . for the most part , people think that they are being kind by saying the things that others
eng	find distasteful or difficult to say . but if it is not received well , they think that there is nothing more to be done . this is completely worthless . it is the same as bringing shame to a person
eng	if you see a mistake , then please correct it .
eng	we should keep every school open
eng	and every teacher in his job .
eng	as liberty of thought is absolute , so is liberty of speech , which is " inseparable " from the liberty of thought . liberty of speech , moreover , is essential not only for its own sake but for the
eng	place the deck of cards on the oaken table .
eng	how lucky we are to have had
eng	the opportunity to work with you !
eng	tom was excited about the new job offer since he'd felt stagnant and unappreciated in his current position , but when he told his boss that he was thinking about leaving , his boss told him that a
eng	the germans are very crafty .
eng	we expect you to carry out
eng	what you have once promised .
eng	a good translator is one who , akin to a worm , can squirm with delight around in the author's brain mass , and leave through the tongue to have its taste impressions confirmed , and then leave well
eng	- formed traces on paper line after line , sheet after sheet , until the last page is done — and he once again returns to his former self , and as a member of the smallest and least respected low
eng	if you don't eat , you die .
eng	we arrived at an agreement
eng	after two hours' discussion .
eng	" double indemnity " is the title of a classic 1944 film noir , in which a philandering insurance salesman ( fred macmurray ) and a housewife ( barbara stanwyck ) plot to murder her husband , but
eng	how do you spell " pretty " ?
eng	in everyday life we have
eng	many obligations and responsibilities .
eng	after being injured on the job , tom's initial plan to sue his employer was halted when he was informed that the same law that had required his employer to carry worker's compensation insurance for
eng	why don't we go home ?
eng	we will not tolerate anyone
eng	who engages in terrorism .
eng	my worst trouble was getting away from home on the morning of starting . mother and my sisters , of course , shed a few tears ; but my father , stern and unbending in his manner , gave me his benediction
eng	in these words : " thomas moore , you're the third son to leave our roof , but your father's blessing goes with you . i left my own home beyond the sea before i was your age . " and as they all stood
eng	i'm sorry , i can't stay long .
eng	we know that just being born with
eng	a good mind is not enough .
eng	in response to angela merkel's concern regarding the developments in crimea and ukraine as a whole , vladimir putin drew the attention to the unrelenting threat of violence by ultra - nationalist
eng	ten years is a long time to wait .
eng	newspapers , magazines , and newscasts tell
eng	what is going on in the world .
eng	" zelda , i'm going away for a month . " " a month ? " " a month . " " a whole month ? " " a whole month . " " really ? " " yes . " " a whole month ? " " don't you understand what a month means ?
eng	one million people lost their lives in the war .
eng	it is not until we lose our health
eng	that we realize the value of it .
eng	it was a dark and stormy night ; the rain fell in torrents — except at occasional intervals , when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets ( for it is in london that our
eng	it is not rare at all to live over ninety years .
eng	more than ever do we need goals or leading ideas
eng	that will give purpose to whatever we are doing .
eng	a nice lady took me into a huge , gigantic – аt least from a 3 - year - old's perspective – room , with tall shelves filled with toys . and i was sitting there , in one place , for i have no idea
eng	how long , but probably for a colossal 5 minutes or so , and then i just started crying like i've never cried before ( or at least that's how my mom described it to me ) . ladies from the kindergarten
eng	tried to calm me , but there was no use . fortunately , my mother was still there , talking with a parent of another kid , so she came to me and took me home . and they decided to never take me there
eng	it wasn't me , commissioner !
eng	we'll finish the work even if
eng	it takes us all day .
eng	" to answer the latter question , one possibility is that all conscious beings are the single journeys of neurotransmitters in the existential crisis of an omnipotent entity attempting introspection
eng	oh , my white pants ! and they were new .
eng	we insist that this project
eng	be carried out immediately .
eng	" as i was saying before , my client has filed suit against you concerning his payment and living conditions . " " uh - huh . " " you are to appear in the los angeles courthouse promptly at – " "
eng	when i left the train station , i saw a man .
eng	the purpose of our trip is
eng	to visit a new factory .
eng	as science advances as some describe it , into itself , - by creating technology which is then subsequently of a higher complexity than the ideas it is to help explain - complications often can arise
eng	, such as a need for higher education for those who utilise it . this may not be a negative complication in itself , but gives rise to another problem : that this causes education about the subject's
eng	you're an angel !
eng	cars are running one after
eng	another before our eyes .
eng	" . . . that's why i require your services . help me , phoenix wright ! you are my only hope . " " are you sure you have a valid case ? " " yes . link is living the good life . " " don't worry .
eng	we'll have this case settled very soon . " " do not be so sure . i know the prosecutor . " " could a young warrior from another land know any good prosecutors , i wonder ? . . . who's prosecuting
eng	people from madrid are weird .
eng	our insurance policy covers
eng	various kinds of damages .
eng	" harkinian , please take this seriously . look at his badge . " " this is my – " " listen here , badge - boy . you'd better get me a not guilty verdict . or else . " " . . . is that a threat ? "
eng	" no . that's a fact . " " for someone who's about to go to court , you certainly have a lot of nerve ! " " more than you'll have left if you fail this case . " " ( . . . and this man is a king !
eng	well , the night is quite long , isn't it ?
eng	in our culture , we can't be
eng	married to two women at once .
eng	an olympic boxing champion buys a very expensive jacket . he comes to the olympic village and leaves his jacket in a dressing room with a sign saying " you take the jacket , i kill you . olympic boxing
eng	you're lucky because he didn't bite you .
eng	in our culture , a man is allowed to
eng	be married to only one wife at a time .
eng	earlier in the chat , i was being rather brash , upsetting and emotional and whatnot . i am sorry , and i'm sure i hurt your feelings quite a bit . i would like to apologize for this . i understand
eng	did you miss me ?
eng	i have a strong conviction
eng	that our judgement was right .
eng	that man is abusive trash who's lied in circles over and over again . we have no reason to believe that this isn't just more emotional manipulation . i've seen this exact thing happen over and over
eng	again with other abusers like him in different places . abusers like him use their perceived instability as social capital to keep their trust and good faith alive long after it's been crushed again
eng	are they all the same ?
eng	our bodies are our gardens ,
eng	to which our wills are gardeners .
eng	there is a lovely country ; it stands with wide beeches near a salty eastern beach , near a salty eastern beach . it winds through rolling hills , its name is old denmark , and it is freja’s hall
eng	thank you very much !
eng	even our brains are all subject
eng	to the laws of physics .
eng	god’s blessing on all nations , who long and work for that bright day , when o’er earth’s habitations no war , no strife shall hold its sway ; who long to see that all men free no more shall foes
eng	where are the eggs , please ?
eng	there are none of us who
eng	do not respect his honesty .
eng	australians all let us rejoice for we are young and free ; we’ve golden soil and wealth for toil , our home is girt by sea ; our land abounds in nature’s gifts , of beauty rich and rare ; in history’s
eng	i'll take him .
eng	our representative argued against
eng	the new tax plan .
eng	another thing which makes preferable moving by foot or by bicycle is the use of a car : nowadays the level of air pollution is very high because of the high number of cars , and , to reduce that level
eng	, the municipality has decided to forbid the road traffic on certain days during a certain period ; furthermore , there are always traffic jams on reggio emilia's roads , so you'll waste lots of time
eng	it's a surprise .
eng	only a handful of activists
eng	are articulate in our union .
eng	“o allah , you created me when i was not worthy of mention ; and you provided for me when i had nothing ; and i wronged my soul and sinned , and i confess my guilt . if you forgive me , that will
eng	in no way diminish your sovereignty ; and if you punish me , that will in no way augment your authority . you can find others to punish besides me , but i can find no one to forgive me but you . truly
eng	that's a good idea !
eng	our success depends on whether
eng	he helps us or not .
eng	all history shows : idioms of dominant states often lead to the disappearance of the languages of the dominated states . greek engulfed the phrygian . latin killed the iberian and gallic . currently
eng	, 25 languages ​​are disappearing every year ! understand one thing : i'm not fighting against english , i fight for diversity . an armenian proverb wonderfully summarizes my thought : " the more
eng	round trip ? only one - way .
eng	our success depends upon whether you
eng	will help us or not .
eng	this is also an invariant of history . gallic disappeared because gallic elites were quick to send their children to the roman school . in the same way , provincial elites later taught their offspring
eng	it's a pity when somebody dies .
eng	our car was fast and soon
eng	got ahead of the other cars .
eng	the subtlety of this modern empire building puts the roman centurions , the spanish conquistadors , and the ( . . . ) european colonial powers to shame . today we do not carry swords . we do not wear
eng	armor or clothes that set us apart . ( . . . ) it is how the system works . we seldom resort to anything illegal because the system itself is built on subterfuge , and the system is by definition
eng	they were left speechless .
eng	our public leaders are imaginative and
eng	often come up with new ideas .
eng	" i'm looking for the telephone number of the pizzeria on rose street . will you help me find it ? " — " so you're looking for the book service . " — " you never really listen to me . i need the
eng	damn ! it's not bad !
eng	our experiment has revealed that
eng	his report was unreliable .
eng	americans wanted to impose the idea that a book or a movie should be considered the same as any commercial object . for they understood that besides the army , diplomacy and trade there is also a
eng	cultural war . it's a battle they intend to win both for noble reasons - - the united states has always felt that its values ​​are universal - - and less noble ones : the education of minds is the
eng	best way to sell american products . consider that cinema represents their most important export , ahead of weapons , aerospace or computers ! hence their desire to impose english as a global language
eng	pull into shape after washing .
eng	our experiment has revealed that
eng	his report was inaccurate .
eng	nothing is more wretched than a man who traverses everything in a round , and pries into the things beneath the earth , as the poet says , and seeks by conjecture what is in the minds of his neighbours
eng	wash before first wearing .
eng	i have a high regard for
eng	the integrity of our mayor .
eng	such abundance i accept apparent in this country , such top moral values , humans of such caliber , that i do not anticipate we would anytime beat this country , unless we breach the actual courage
eng	of this nation , which is her airy and cultural heritage , and , therefore , i adduce that we alter her old and age - old apprenticeship system , her culture , for if the indians anticipate that all
eng	that is adopted and english is acceptable and greater than their own , they will lose their self - esteem , their built - in self - culture and they will become what we ambition them , an absolutely
eng	don't open before the train stops .
eng	the success of our business
eng	depends on the weather .
eng	i do not object to your learning english for the sake of acquiring knowledge or for the sake of earning your livelihood but i object to your giving so much importance to english and giving a low place
eng	to your national language , hindi . i do not think it is right on your part to use in your conversation with your friends and relatives any other language than your national language or your mother
eng	they say love is blind .
eng	our top priority is to settle this dispute once and for
eng	all , so we are ready to meet them halfway .
eng	an old man told his grandson , " my son , there is a battle between two wolves inside us all . one is evil . it is anger , jealousy , greed , resentment , inferiority , lies and ego . the other is
eng	good . it is joy , peace , love , hope , humility , kindness , empathy and truth . " the boy thought about it and asked , " grandfather , which wolf wins ? " the old man quietly replied , " the one
eng	oh , i'm sorry .
eng	far from being a failure ,
eng	our negotiation was a great success .
eng	the problem with fundamentalists insisting on a literal interpretation of the bible is that the meaning of words change . a prime example is 'spare the rod , spoil the child' . a rod was a stick used
eng	by shepherds to guide their sheep to go in the desired direction . shepherds did not use it to beat their sheep . the proper translation of the saying is 'give your child guidance , or they will go
eng	how long does it take to get to the station ?
eng	i will help you for the
eng	sake of our old friendship .
eng	no ! i am not prince hamlet , nor was meant to be ; am an attendant lord , one that will do to swell a progress , start a scene or two , advise the prince ; no doubt , an easy tool , deferential ,
eng	do you speak italian ?
eng	our calculations show that the
eng	rocket is off its course .
eng	kotlin island , an island 32 kilometres west of saint petersburg , was taken from sweden in 1703 by peter the great , who then founded kronstadt and left pushkin's great - grandfather , abram gannibal
eng	, the main character in pushkin's unfinished book , peter the great's negro , to oversee the construction . kronstadt was also the birth place of pyotr kapitsa , co - recipient of the nobel prize
eng	may i ask a question ?
eng	we must adapt our plan
eng	to these new circumstances .
eng	what an unfailing barrier against vice , immorality and bad habits are those tastes which lead us to embellish a home , to which at all times and in all places we turn with delight , as being the
eng	object and the scene of our fondest cares , labours and enjoyments ; whose humble roof , whose shady porch , whose verdant lawn and smiling flowers all breathe forth to us , in true , earnest tones
eng	 " how do you feel ? " he inquired .
eng	the problem with our plan is not so much
eng	the cost as it is the time required .
eng	as far as i understand despite my limited knowledge , here in venezuela we must adapt to the prevailing mentality and social order . therefore , an individual must live among opportunism , poverty
eng	, manipulation and superficiality . it might be a very characteristic latino idiosyncrasy to behave as in the book " chronicle of a death foretold " by gabriel garcía márquez when it comes to dealing
eng	with delicate situations . everybody knows what's happening , but nobody raises his voice and even if somebody did , nobody would support him . only enlightenment through education could end the ignorance
eng	that is a scourge on our people , from which many other problems arise . however , it's unlikely to expect a government to propose to spread values that threaten its own interests , because it's better
eng	it's impossible for me to explain it to you .
eng	completely surrounded by our troops ,
eng	the enemy finally surrendered to us .
eng	when i started learning languages , it was hard to assimilate new words and keep a pace to study , but now , after having practiced for several years i do my routine unconsciously . you can't really
eng	finish learning a language , ever , but you can reach quite a high fluency . in my case , i learn approximately 3 or 4 languages at the same time and i don't get confused . it's all a matter of practice
eng	i would never have guessed that .
eng	the very air we breathe is polluted
eng	with smog from the factory chimneys .
eng	the spiritual journey does not consist of arriving at a new destination where a person gains what he did not have , or becomes what he is not . it consists in the dissipation of one's own ignorance
eng	imagination affects every aspect of our lives .
eng	it's clear that our arguments
eng	don't overlap at all .
eng	guys better don't bring up this topic . you're young , playful , everything's easy for you . it's wrong . it's not chikatilo , and not even fbi archives . better don't venture here . i'm serious ,
eng	any of you would regret . better close the topic and forget everything written here . i quite understand this message provokes more interest , but i want to warn the curious - stop . the rest will
eng	you'll forget about me someday .
eng	from our point of view
eng	, his proposal is reasonable .
eng	an on - line form with data entry fields must guide users as to any error they made in filling out the form . it should preferably provide a example of the sort of data expected . the software script
eng	that is rather unexpected .
eng	our school prohibits us from
eng	going to the movies alone .
eng	alaska holds an annual contest in which teams of 16 dogs pull sledges a distance of about 1 , 800 kilometres through tundra and forests , crossing rivers , hills and mountain passes . the sledge driver
eng	is often called a " musher " ; the word comes from the french command " marche ! " in most years the winning musher is from alaska , but a swiss citizen has won the event four times , and a norwegian
eng	i wonder how long it's going to take .
eng	our diplomacy and strategy ran in
eng	clear contradiction to each other .
eng	since the drug company had selected only favourable or neutral research reports to submit to the government for approval , and had failed to disclose any data from those studies which had shown the
eng	i can't live without a tv .
eng	in our interpretation , the output data in table 2
eng	is an acceptable variation of that in table 1 .
eng	" father ! " " hey , zelda ! " " hey , king ! " " hey , link ! " " your majesty , i missed your beautiful moustache . " " hey , purple turban guy . " " . . . do you even remember who i am ? " " yes
eng	! . . . oh hell , i forgot . " " how could you forget my face ? it looks so funny ! see ? " " i was in california for a month and i was too distracted by all the orgies and weed and delicious dinner
eng	i couldn't have done it without you . thank you .
eng	our company needs someone who is
eng	at home in advanced technology .
eng	" zelda , today i want salami , falafel , pizza , bacon , curry , porridge , vegetables , olives , potatoes , chips , corn , tic tacs , muffins , bananas , fish , turkey , chicken , cake , and wheat
eng	thins for dinner . so what's for dinner ? " " he he , nothing , father ! " " shut the hell up , you piece of crap , do you mean i'm not eating dinner ? ! " " yeah , we got a new king . it's ganon
eng	nothing is achieved without effort .
eng	our company failed to
eng	survive against cutthroat competition .
eng	if you need instructions , check out the enclosed instruction book . if you need instructions on how to check out the enclosed instruction book , check out the enclosed instructions on how to get
eng	instructions on how to check out the enclosed instruction book . if you need instructions on how to check out the enclosed instructions , check out the instructions on how to get instructions on how
eng	many people drift through life without a purpose .
eng	it took quite a while to
eng	sort out all our luggage .
eng	the united states intends to achieve an economy - wide target of reducing its emissions by 26% - 28% below its 2005 level in 2025 and to make best efforts to reduce its emissions by 28% . china intends
eng	to achieve the peaking of co₂ emissions around 2030 and to make best efforts to peak early and intends to increase the share of non - fossil fuels in primary energy consumption to around 20% by 2030
eng	life without love is just totally pointless .
eng	our earnings are in proportion
eng	to our real ability .
eng	accelerating climate change has caused serious impacts . higher temperatures and extreme weather events are damaging food production , rising sea levels and more damaging storms are putting our coastal
eng	cities increasingly at risk and the impacts of climate change are already harming economies around the world , including those of the united states and china . these developments urgently require
eng	let me know if i need to make any changes .
eng	it is very hard to get
eng	rid of cockroaches from our house .
eng	developed over four years by hundreds of the nation’s top climate scientists and technical experts — and informed by thousands of inputs from the public and outside organizations gathered through
eng	town hall meetings , public - comment opportunities , and technical workshops across the country , the third national climate assessment represents the most authoritative and comprehensive knowledge
eng	i think exams are ruining education .
eng	since neither one of us could afford to take
eng	the other to the movies , we went dutch .
eng	the great plains region experiences multiple climate and weather hazards , including floods , droughts , severe storms , tornadoes , hurricanes , and winter storms . in much of the great plains ,
eng	too little precipitation falls to replace that needed by humans , plants , and animals . these variable conditions already stress communities and cause billions of dollars in damage . climate change
eng	we can't sleep because of the noise .
eng	our team can easily beat your
eng	team in the first game .
eng	the southwest is the hottest and driest region in the united states . climate changes pose challenges for an already parched region that is expected to get hotter and , in its southern half , significantly
eng	do you have a condom ?
eng	it was apparent to everybody
eng	that our team was stronger .
eng	the northwest’s economy , infrastructure , natural systems , public health , and agriculture sectors all face important climate change related risks . impacts on infrastructure , natural systems ,
eng	human health , and economic sectors , combined with issues of social and ecological vulnerability , will unfold quite differently in largely natural areas , like the cascade range , than in urban
eng	do whatever he tells you .
eng	our soccer team beat all the
eng	other teams in the town .
eng	the u . s . pacific islands region includes more than 2 , 000 islands spanning millions of square miles of ocean . rising air and ocean temperatures , shifting rainfall patterns , changing frequencies
eng	and intensities of storms and drought , decreasing streamflows , rising sea levels , and changing ocean chemistry will threaten the sustainability of globally important and diverse ecosystems as well
eng	i can walk to school in 10 minutes .
eng	initially we had some problems with our computer
eng	system , but they've been sorted out now .
eng	more than 50% of americans – 164 million people – live in coastal counties , with 1 . 2 million added each year . humans have heavily altered the coastal environment through development , changes
eng	it is already eleven .
eng	our club is affiliated
eng	with an international organization .
eng	climate change threatens human health and well - being in many ways , including through impacts from increased extreme weather events , wildfire , decreased air quality , threats to mental health
eng	may i talk to ms . brown ?
eng	more than one student studies
eng	french in our class .
eng	in the longer term , sea level rise , extreme storm surge events , and high tides will affect coastal facilities and infrastructure on which many energy systems , markets , and consumers depend .
eng	 " yes , orange juice please , " says mike .
eng	no other boy in our class
eng	is more studious than jack .
eng	the southwest , great plains , and southeast are particularly vulnerable to changes in water supply and demand . changes in precipitation and runoff , combined with changes in consumption and withdrawal
eng	 " ah ! " is an interjection .
eng	when our class performed a play ,
eng	i took charge of stage effects .
eng	the length of the frost - free season ( and the corresponding growing season ) has been increasing nationally since the 1980s , with the largest increases occurring in the western united states ,
eng	what do you want ?
eng	some members agree with us , some don't
eng	, and others haven't expressed their opinions .
eng	the administration will also continue to work to ensure that having a baby does not jeopardize a woman’s job , and that more hard working americans can have access to paid leave in order to take care
eng	you suck dude ! i have to tell you everything !
eng	the god who gave us life ,
eng	gave us liberty at the same time .
eng	in the past , insurance companies could take advantage of you . they could deny coverage to children who had asthma or were born with a heart defect , put a lifetime cap on the amount of care they
eng	would pay for , or cancel your coverage when you got sick just by finding an accidental mistake in your paperwork . the affordable care act creates a new patient’s bill of rights that protects you
eng	i have a bone to pick with you .
eng	we had an implicit agreement that
eng	we would support each other .
eng	insurance companies can no longer deny coverage to children because of a pre - existing condition like asthma and diabetes , providing peace of mind for parents of the more than 17 . 6 million children
eng	do you need me to give you some money ?
eng	we germans fear god , but
eng	nothing else in the world .
eng	in the past , some people with cancer or other chronic illnesses ran out of insurance coverage because their health care expenses reached a dollar limit imposed by their insurance company . under
eng	paris is the most beautiful city in the world .
eng	our departure tomorrow is
eng	contingent on fair weather .
eng	" you've fallen asleep . good . i am now going to leave you all alone in the dark while i go out and get drunk . " " you are a terrible person . " " gosh ! you're still awake . " " i stick my tongue
eng	out at you as a gesture of defiance . now continue with the bloody story . if you omit even the tiniest and most insignificant of details , you will return here tomorrow to find these walls covered
eng	i have a dream .
eng	to our great surprise , she
eng	held her breath for three minutes .
eng	the latin language has always been held in very high esteem by the catholic church and by the roman pontiffs . they have assiduously encouraged the knowledge and dissemination of latin , adopting
eng	it as the church’s language , capable of passing on the gospel message throughout the world . this is authoritatively stated by the apostolic constitution veterum sapientia of my predecessor , blessed
eng	the cost of life increased drastically .
eng	we were unable to make contact with
eng	them until it was too late .
eng	indeed the church has spoken and prayed in the languages of all peoples since pentecost . nevertheless , the christian communities of the early centuries made frequent use of greek and latin , languages
eng	all that which is invented , is true .
eng	the church we went past crumbled five minutes later due to a
eng	huge earthquake , and more than a hundred churchgoers were buried alive .
eng	therefore , e . t . a . hoffman asserts : " music is the most romantic of all arts , for its object is the infinite . it is the mysterious sanskrit of nature , spoken in tones which fill up the soul
eng	but the universe is infinite .
eng	it will be little more than a hundred
eng	years before we use all the oil up .
eng	they were not a handsome family ; they were not well dressed ; their shoes were far from being water - proof ; their clothes were scanty ; and peter might have known , and very likely did , the inside
eng	of a pawnbroker's . but they were happy , grateful , pleased with one another , and contented with the time ; and when they faded , and looked happier yet in the bright sprinklings of the spirit's
eng	to be perfect she lacked just one defect .
eng	we were having a quiet supper when out of the
eng	blue my mother announced she was going back to school .
eng	for instance , here is a portrait of a man at eight years old , another at fifteen , another at seventeen , another at twenty - three , and so on . all these are evidently sections , as it were ,
eng	and yet , the contrary is always true as well .
eng	we know the truth , not only
eng	by reason , but also at heart .
eng	" what manner o' thing is your crocodile ? " " it is shap'd , sir , like itself , and it is as broad as it hath breadth ; it is just so high as it is , and moves with its own organs . it lives by
eng	that which nourisheth it , and the elements once out of it , it transmigrates . " " what color is it of ? " " of its own color too . " " 'tis a strange serpent . " " 'tis so . and the tears of it
eng	we don't see things as they are , but as we are .
eng	i hope the weather clears up
eng	before we have to leave .
eng	in winter , the windows were sometimes quite frozen over . but then the boy and the girl would warm copper pennies on the stove , and hold the warm pennies against the frozen pane ; there would be
eng	the world is a den of crazies .
eng	if we hang tight , i'm sure we
eng	can make it through these bad times .
eng	the snow - flake appeared larger and larger , and at last took the form of a lady dressed in the finest white crape , her attire being composed of millions of star - like particles . she was exquisitely
eng	you found me where no one else was looking .
eng	as we went around the corner
eng	, the lake came into view .
eng	this snow - flake grew larger and larger , till at last it became the figure of a woman , dressed in garments of white gauze , which looked like millions of starry snow - flakes linked together .
eng	you're by my side ; everything's fine now .
eng	our train had already pulled out
eng	when we arrived at the station .
eng	one winter's day , when it snowed , he brought out a burning - glass , then he held out the tail of his blue coat , and let the snow - flakes fall upon it . " look in this glass , gerda , " said he
eng	what do you mean you don't know ? !
eng	the day will soon come when we will
eng	conquer space and travel to the moon .
eng	near yonder narrow road stands an old knight's castle ; thick ivy creeps over the old ruined walls , leaf over leaf , even to the balcony , in which stands a beautiful maiden . she bends over the
eng	balustrades , and looks up the road . no rose on its stem is fresher than she ; no apple - blossom , wafted by the wind , floats more lightly than she moves . her rich silk rustles as she bends over
eng	you look stupid .
eng	let us stop to think how
eng	much we depend upon atomic energy .
eng	little kay is really with the snow queen , but he finds everything there so much to his taste and his liking , that he believes it is the finest place in the world ; but this is because he has a piece
eng	i think i'm gonna go to sleep .
eng	to our great disappointment ,
eng	the game was called off .
eng	the roses out on the roof were in full bloom , and peeped in at the window ; and there stood the little chairs , on which they had sat when children ; and kay and gerda seated themselves each on their
eng	my name is jack .
eng	it will be very important whether
eng	we win the battle or not .
eng	in a sunny spot stood a pleasant old farm - house close by a deep river , and from the house down to the water side grew great burdock leaves , so high , that under the tallest of them a little child
eng	could stand upright . the spot was as wild as the centre of a thick wood . in this snug retreat sat a duck on her nest , watching for her young brood to hatch ; she was beginning to get tired of her
eng	i like it very much .
eng	it takes us thirty minutes to
eng	walk from here to the station .
eng	the tom cat was the master of the house , and the hen was mistress , and they always said , " we and the world , " for they believed themselves to be half the world , and the better half too . the
eng	we're meeting up tomorrow ?
eng	it is not important whether we
eng	win the game or not .
eng	the winter grew colder and colder ; he was obliged to swim about on the water to keep it from freezing , but every night the space on which he swam became smaller and smaller . at length it froze
eng	so hard that the ice in the water crackled as he moved , and the duckling had to paddle with his legs as well as he could , to keep the space from closing up . he became exhausted at last , and lay
eng	how do you say that in italian ?
eng	we own a few hundred acres
eng	between the three of us .
eng	my little vasilissa , my dear daughter , listen to what i say , remember well my last words and fail not to carry out my wishes . i am dying , and with my blessing , i leave to thee this little doll
eng	. it is very precious for there is no other like it in the whole world . carry it always about with thee in thy pocket and never show it to anyone . when evil threatens thee or sorrow befalls thee
eng	, go into a corner , take it from thy pocket and give it something to eat and drink . it will eat and drink a little , and then thou mayest tell it thy trouble and ask its advice , and it will tell
eng	i have to go shopping . i'll be back in an hour .
eng	our travel advice center caters
eng	to the independent traveler .
eng	the eyes of the skull suddenly began to glimmer and to glow like red coals , and wherever the three turned or ran the eyes followed them , growing larger and brighter till they flamed like two furnaces
eng	is it far from here ?
eng	the leader of our party met with the
eng	other leaders and talked about the problem .
eng	so the tsar and vasilissa the beautiful were married , and her father returned from the far - distant tsardom , and he and the old woman lived always with her in the splendid palace , in all joy and
eng	these things aren't mine !
eng	our party finally had a candidate
eng	we could put forward with pride .
eng	in russia , as elsewhere in the world , folklore is rapidly scattering before the practical spirit of modern progress . the traveling peasant bard or story teller , and the devoted " nyanya " , the
eng	thanks , that's all .
eng	our company is going to be left behind too if we don't
eng	create an environment in which we can get instant internet access .
eng	the arrow of the oldest tsarevitch fell on a boyar - house just in front of the terem where women live ; the arrow of the second tsarevitch flew to the red porch of a rich merchant , and on the porch
eng	there stood a sweet girl , the merchant's daughter . the youngest , the brave tsarevitch ivan , had the ill luck to send his arrow into the midst of a swamp , where it was caught by a croaking frog
eng	would you like to dance with me ?
eng	our company had the fortieth
eng	anniversary of its foundation .
eng	the arrow of the oldest tsarevitch fell on a nobleman's house just in front of the women's chambers ; the arrow of the second tsarevitch flew to the red porch of a rich merchant , and on the porch
eng	there stood a sweet girl , the merchant's daughter . the youngest , the brave tsarevitch ivan , had the ill luck to send his arrow into the midst of a swamp , where it was caught by a croaking frog
eng	italy is a very beautiful country .
eng	we export various kinds of
eng	computers all over the globe .
eng	there was once a bundle of matches , who were all extremely proud of their high descent , for their genealogical tree , that is to say , the tall fir - tree , from which each of them was a splinter
eng	it's not my fault !
eng	the future of our company is at stake . we have
eng	been heavily in the red for the last couple of years .
eng	" hey ! that old guy woke up . " " where am i ? " " in hyrule . you were in a coma . " " how long ? " " a month . " " i see . what happened during the time i — " " enough ! i'm going to subway for
eng	i'd like to stay for one night .
eng	this new product of ours is a
eng	serious blow to our rival company .
eng	my parents and teachers all used to tell me when i was younger that " experience is the best teacher " . of course , during my high school days , my mind was still not that mature , so i took that
eng	as is . a little later , a lecturer on some seminar i forgot said that experience isn't necessarily the best teacher , especially if you need to get hurt for it . for him , the experience of others
eng	is there a youth hostel near here ?
eng	skim through this pamphlet before you
eng	take the examination for our company .
eng	i've told him before that the best solution for him is to seek out actual friends who will console him when he needs emotional support , instead of broadcasting on fig hunter , for reasons everyone
eng	should know by now . he already has his introvert site ! why should he feel the need to keep talking about his feelings on fig hunter when he already knows what will come of it ? i understand that
eng	he considers fig hunter his " home " , and the members therein his " guests " . however , pseudo didn't conduct himself as the most gracious host , either . he argued with people and openly called
eng	them names . whether or not he is justified in doing so is irrelevant . what matters is that he doesn't have the time to be doing things like this . talking back at these people is a complete waste
eng	where are the showers ?
eng	our company's agent in rio will
eng	meet you at the airport .
eng	while pseudo and co . wage their war on the new site , i've been happily posting here , and reaping a few green orbs for it . during the times that i didn't get green orbs , for example on short comments
eng	that i never wanted to get rated anyway , i chose to stay quiet about it , but not because i want to show that i'm emotionally strong , or the bigger man , or anything . of course i get upset about
eng	it . i like green ! their cyan - and - lower ratings not only bring down my average , but also look ugly on my green - themed posts . basically , it rustles my jimmies more than a little bit . before
eng	, as some of you know , i might have started to complain because i didn't want my comments to get downrated for something trivial . yet now i choose not to reply because i know that what i have to
eng	open your mouth !
eng	parents who beat their children
eng	really make my blood boil .
eng	if the passenger's journey involves an ultimate destination or stop in a country other than the country of departure , the warsaw convention and the montreal convention may be applicable , and these
eng	is it bad ?
eng	we have to defend our
eng	country from the foreign aggression .
eng	i know that adding sentences only in your native or strongest language is probably not as much fun as practicing writing foreign languages , but please don't add sentences to the tatoeba corpus if
eng	i have lost my wallet .
eng	we must promote commerce
eng	with neighboring countries .
eng	" duke onkled is under attack by the evil forces of ganon ! i'm going to send link to aid him . " " no way . " " my boy , you're going to gamelon . " " no ! i won't go there . " " what the hell ?
eng	you do what i say ! " " screw you , king ! i'm on strike . " " strike ? ! link , you sack of shit , you can't be on strike ! " " i sure can , butthead ! " " enough ! fari , take him away . " " yes
eng	love is never wasted .
eng	the youth of our country
eng	is apathetic about politics .
eng	helena arrived at the airport only minutes before her flight left and profanely berated the airport security staff who told her to empty her pockets and purse and examined her carry - on bag . when
eng	not wanting is the same as having .
eng	our trading companies do business
eng	all over the world .
eng	a frosty east - west relationship led to a sort of brinkmanship where both nato and russia flew military aircraft close to the other side's frontiers or even deliberately made brief incursions into
eng	he's very sexy .
eng	our troops were constantly
eng	attacked by the guerrillas .
eng	" ganon've seized koridai . " " great ! i'll grab my stuff ! " " there is no time . your sword is enough . " " you sure ? i've got like five or six quests' worth of stuff in the back . i could —
eng	" " we do not have the time . go get your sword . " " but i've got eight pouches of bombs — " " all you need is your sword . " " can i just — " you defeat ganon by throwing a book . now get on the
eng	there are too many things to do !
eng	the house isn't huge and it's on about two - thirds of an acre , and when we first bought
eng	it i spent several hours every week getting the lawnmower fixed and cutting the lawn , in that order .
eng	often she was very sad and lonely , and it happened that one day while she was seated at the window , letting salt tears drop on her work , an old woman , a kind , homely - looking old body , stepped
eng	come on , play with me , i'm so bored !
eng	don't scratch your mosquito bite
eng	. it'll get inflamed .
eng	you should not mope all day in your rooms , but should come out into the green garden , and hear the birds sing with joy among the trees , and see the butterflies fluttering above the flowers , and
eng	don't you even think of eating my chocolate !
eng	what with overwork and lack of
eng	nourishment , he became very ill .
eng	what harm would it do if i were to go into the garden for a short time and enjoy myself among the trees and flowers , and the singing birds and fluttering butterflies and humming insects , and look
eng	stop asking me for a drink ! go get it yourself .
eng	what with fatigue and lack of sleep
eng	, he has fallen ill at last .
eng	for some years the poor man lived on alone with the children , caring for them as best he could ; but everything in the house seemed to go wrong without a woman to look after it , and at last he made
eng	thanks to you i've lost my appetite .
eng	what with overwork and lack of sleep
eng	, she has lost her health .
eng	but as he was always spending money , and never made any more , at last the day came when he had nothing left but two shillings , and he had to leave the beautiful rooms in which he had been living
eng	i really need to hit somebody .
eng	the word 'excessive competition' is frequently used in japanese industry ,
eng	but there is not a precise definition of the practice .
eng	to take part in religious ceremonies is an attack against the common morality . protestants must be dealt with more severely than catholics and the liberal more severely than the conservative . the
eng	who doesn't know this problem ? !
eng	eating too much fat is
eng	supposed to cause heart disease .
eng	" great ! i'll grab my stuff ! " " there is no stuff . " " i guess i'd better get my smart sword then . " " there is no sword . " " huh ? oh , right . that old ganon is conquered with the book of
eng	koridai . " " there is no book . " " how — i — but — ganon ? " " there is no ganon . " " then what the duck conquered koridai ? " " there is no koridai . " " zelda , are you hearing this ? " " there
eng	it is very hot today .
eng	the doctor advised me to leave off
eng	jogging because it was excessive exercise .
eng	" link , can i see you for a minute ? " asked the king in a slightly irritated tone . " 'sup ? " " what is this ? " the king pointed at a large stained piece of cloth he was holding . " a potty .
eng	nobody came .
eng	too much drinking may be
eng	hazardous to your health .
eng	" so , are you all set for the big day ? " " yeah ! i can't believe it will be my first day of high school ! " cried link enthusiastically . " i can't believe it , either , " mused the king . " it's
eng	as if it was just yesterday . i was just teaching you how to add one and one . now look at you . . . my little boy's becoming a man . " " huh ? " link said in surprise . " being in high school makes
eng	i never saw a red fridge .
eng	we have experienced many changes
eng	over the last decade .
eng	" hi , y'all ready for school ? " the two turned their heads to the voice of zelda coming downstairs into the large hall . " yep . i'm going to high school ! " " i know . " " i'm going to be so cool
eng	! " " now , link , " impa was about to barge in , but the king brushed her off quickly , " hell no , don't start that shit with us , impa . " " i just wanted to tell link about when i went to school
eng	, " she retorted . the king laughed heartily . " oh yes , it must have been great having jesus as your chemistry partner ! " " well i never ! " " take her away ! " yelled the king to fari angrily
eng	it's lonely in the saddle since the horse died .
eng	in a past - oriented society , people
eng	dwell on the past and on tradition .
eng	now that impa was out of the room , link thought it best to wrap up the conversation . " i'm going to go to bed early tonight so i'll be nice and fresh on my special day ! " he announced . " night
eng	, link ! see you in the morning . " " nighty - night , " gwonam the wizard joined the goodnight chorus , popping mysteriously out of the shadows . watching link stride happily to his room , zelda
eng	felt a surge of uncertainty . " father , " she asked , " how do you think he'll do tomo — " " go to bed . " " but fa — " " bed . " " but — " " bed ! " " fine . . . . oh , so no nighty - nights for
eng	look at me when i talk to you !
eng	it is considered impossible to
eng	travel back to the past .
eng	fool me once , i'm mad . fool me twice , how could you ? fool me three times , you're officially that guy , okay ? you know him , you know the one . you go to the bar and he's like , " this suit is
eng	what would the world be without women ?
eng	we can know the past , but
eng	the future we can only feel .
eng	the next morning , link woke up at seven o'clock , refreshed and brimming with anticipation . " gee ! " he stretched luxuriously and pressed the button on top of the kingface alarm clock . " oh boy
eng	, the day has finally come ! i can't wait ! " he mused on his way to the dining hall . " morning , link , " the king gave him his typical greeting . " munf - munf ? we ran outta linky - o's . gwonam
eng	has eaten them all . " " problem , guys ? " said gwonam with a smirk , but neither paid any attention to it . " wow , thanks ! " link dug in enthusiastically , disregarding the strong taste that nearly
eng	what if you gave a speech and nobody came ?
eng	my past indiscretions are coming
eng	back to haunt me .
eng	after eating the sturdy meal and packing his school bag , link wanted to get some last - minute reassurance from his friends . " hey , zelda , i need some advice . " " don't tell me you're already
eng	scared , " zelda frowned . " no . i just want some advice from someone who's been in high school already , and you're the smartest person i know ! " link smiled . zelda let out a gentle laugh . "
eng	thanks . well , you — " " the teachers are so strict that you're not even allowed to breathe ! " interrupted the king with a wicked grin . " huh ? ! " " father ! " the princess exclaimed reproachfully
eng	. " sorry , go on . " " now , link — " she was cut off by the bus horn this time . " oh , my bus must be around here now , " said link quickly , " byes ! " " beware of the meat hash surprise ! " gwonam
eng	seemed to have jumped out from nowhere . " hey , don't get shot ! " added the king , and both of them sniggered . link was taken aback and looked highly upset for a moment , but zelda was there to
eng	support him : " don't pay attention to 'em , link . it's not that bad . i'm sure — " " zelda , don't worry . i'll be fine . " in an instant link was back to being his beaming self . " alright . give
eng	me a goodbye kiss . " however , link was of a different mind on this idea and replied snidely , with teenage cruelty , " hell no , screw that ! i gave up on your royal ass years ago . i still love
eng	i don't know what to say to make you feel better .
eng	stop clinging to your glory days
eng	, or you'll be left behind .
eng	three hours later , the king was loitering around the castle , looking for something to busy himself with . " fuck , i'm so bored , " he grumbled in exasperation . " the kids are at school . gwo's
eng	at work . impa's at the hospital . ganon — " suddenly the king heard an incomprehensible cry and turned around to see fari rush past him . " damn , fari , what was that ? ! " " piss off , your majesty
eng	! " fari yelled at the top of his lungs . " my . . . pmsing as usual , i see , " the king continued to mutter dejectedly . " shit , i'm so fucking bored . nothing good on tv . nothing good online
eng	. nothing good to eat . " as he was about to leave the dining hall , his eyes were drawn to a cinnamon jar standing lonely on the table . a spoon of cinnamon was placed conveniently next to it . in
eng	a saner state the king may have been reasonably suspicious about it , but now he was so exhausted from boredom that any opportunity to relieve it for a minute felt like a blessing . " i wonder what
eng	this is not my type .
eng	in the past , fletcher fuel
eng	was approached by japanese companies .
eng	" i wonder what ground cinnamon tastes like , " said the king nonchalantly and put the spoon in his mouth . " hmm ? . . . shit ! water . . . water . . . in the fridge . oh crap , no water in the
eng	fridge ! " the king went on running around the room frantically , looking desperately for water . luckily , duke onkled happened to be pouring himself a glass of water . " your omnipotence , have
eng	i was trying to kill time .
eng	in the past , the old used to be looked
eng	upon as experts in solving various problems of life .
eng	gordo , a squirrel monkey , was catapulted 600 miles high in a jupiter rocket , also on december 13 , 1958 , one year after the soviets launched laika . gordo's capsule was never found in the atlantic
eng	how did you come up with this crazy idea ?
eng	our policy is to build for
eng	the future , not the past .
eng	sam , a rhesus monkey , was one of the most well known monkeys of the space program . his name was an acronym for the u . s . air force school of aviation medicine at brooks air force base , texas
eng	. he was launched on december 4 , 1959 , housed in a cylindrical capsule within the mercury spacecraft atop a little joe rocket in order to test the launch escape system ( les ) . approximately one
eng	minute into the flight , travelling at a speed of 3685 mph , the mercury capsule aborted from the little joe launch vehicle . after attaining an altitude of 51 miles , the spacecraft landed safely
eng	i'm tired .
eng	although cfit accounted for just over a third of crashes in
eng	the past six years , it caused 53% of the deaths .
eng	enos became the first chimp to orbit the earth on november 29 , 1961 , aboard a mercury atlas rocket . although the mission plan originally called for three orbits , due to a malfunctioning thruster
eng	and other technical difficulties , flight controllers were forced to terminate enos' flight after two orbits . enos landed in the recovery area and was picked up 75 minutes after splashdown . he was
eng	who wants some hot chocolate ?
eng	we haven't had a price increase
eng	in the last five years .
eng	the surface of mercury has been shaped by three processes : impact cratering where large objects struck the surface resulting in crater formation , volcanism where lava flooded the surface , and tectonic
eng	speak more slowly , please !
eng	prices have risen by 50 percent
eng	during the past ten years .
eng	our atmosphere contains 21% oxygen , which is necessary for us to breathe , 78% nitrogen , and 0 . 9% argon . the other 0 . 1% consists of water vapor , carbon dioxide , neon , methane , krypton ,
eng	when do we arrive ?
eng	it is without justification that money has been
eng	called one of the greatest inventions of man .
eng	the earth's magnetic field traps the charged particles which are hurled at the earth by the sun during solar wind activity . when these charged particles react with the gases in our atmosphere , the
eng	the check , please .
eng	after some freight cars were derailed ,
eng	services were suspended on the chuo line .
eng	nasa has launched a probe called dawn , whose mission is to travel to the asteroid belt . it will first travel to observe the asteroid vesta . after collecting data from vesta , dawn will intercept
eng	and what are we going to do ?
eng	i heard the manager's wife is on vacation . and , well , when
eng	the cat's away , the mice play . now he's out partying every night .
eng	one night in 1572 , danish astronomer tycho brahe saw what he thought was a brilliant new star in the constellation cassiopeia . ( we now know he was observing a supernova . ) in 1604 , a second supernova
eng	i have a headache .
eng	as soon as our manager got off our backs
eng	, everything started to go off without a hitch .
eng	newton explained the movement of orbiting planets as the result of motion along a straight line combined with the gravitational pull of the sun . his laws are all based on the idea that nothing is
eng	where can one make a phone call ?
eng	the scores are low because
eng	the task is cognitively demanding .
eng	the international ultraviolet explorer provided information about physical conditions in the central regions of distant galaxies that may contain black holes . it also provided scientists with more
eng	knowledge of the physical conditions in very hot stars , the effect of solar winds on the atmospheres of the planets in our solar system , and the loss of mass from stars when stellar winds and flares
eng	i must admit that i snore .
eng	it is often said that sweets
eng	are bad for your teeth .
eng	heaven keep us from a knowledge of the sights the moon beheld upon that field , when , coming up above the black line of distant rising - ground , softened and blurred at the edge by trees , she rose
eng	tonight we're going to church .
eng	the load was too heavy for
eng	a driver to carry alone .
eng	" i can speak a bit of german . 'das ist fantastisch ! ' " " haha , wunderbar . " " wunderbar . " " even the locals sound better when they speak german , okay ? " " haha , is nobody gonna get my
eng	how are you ? did you have a good trip ?
eng	in case the shipment is delayed
eng	, we have special delay insurance .
eng	vegans are people who avoid products from animal sources or products tested on animals in an effort to avoid harming animals . freegans take this a step further by recognizing that in a complex ,
eng	industrial , mass - production economy driven by profit , abuses of humans , animals , and the earth abound at all levels of production ( from acquisition to raw materials to production to transportation
eng	i don't feel well .
eng	company a is trying to play us off against
eng	company b in a severe price - war .
eng	sweatshop labor , rainforest destruction , global warming , displacement of indigenous communities , air and water pollution , eradication of wildlife on farmland as “pests” , the violent overthrow
eng	of popularly elected governments to maintain puppet dictators compliant to big business interests , open - pit strip mining , oil drilling in environmentally sensitive areas , union busting , child
eng	call the police !
eng	the vase fell from the
eng	table and crashed to pieces .
eng	" gee , it sure is boring around here . " " my boy , this peace is what all — " " here i come ! your majesty , ganon and his minions have seized the island of koridai . " " hmm . how can we — " "
eng	it is written : only link can defeat ganon . " " so how can we — " " great ! i'll grab my sword ! " " there is no sword . " " huh ? " " there is no sword ! " " . . . " " here is a skull axe . " "
eng	it's too expensive !
eng	hanako made the final payment on her
eng	car , and felt very satisfied .
eng	" i wonder what's for supper . " " what ? how about dinner ? " " no . what's dinner ? " " oh you piece of shit . all true warriors eat dinner ! " " hmm ? i wonder what 'dinner' means . " " oh you
eng	— " " enough ! zelda , what is dinner ? " " you've got to be kidding . " " fuck you ! ganon , what is dinner ? " " you must first join me . " " hell no . duke onkled , what is dinner ? " " oh please
eng	. " " mama luigi , what is dinner ? " " well , like they say in brooklyn : early to bed , early to catch the worm . or , is it the bagel ? " " what ? enough is enough , what the fuck is dinner ? !
eng	my shoes are too small . i need new ones .
eng	it was clear that hanako did
eng	not wish to marry taro .
eng	" okay , adrian , pitting , pitting . " " i really don't understand this drivethrough . i mean , the backmarker was holding me up , holding everyone up , and i get a drivethrough . tell the fia i
eng	we're getting out of here . the cops are coming .
eng	hanako seems quiet , but she also
eng	get things done when it's necessary .
eng	the european union has 24 official languages . but important texts are often available only in three languages : english , french and german . this constitutes a disadvantage for anyone who isn't
eng	merry christmas !
eng	hanako has attended an american
eng	college for four years .
eng	if you wish to speak with many people , you ought to learn esperanto . why this language ? because it is both beautiful and stimulates our study . an international language is of great moment because
eng	there are so many people in the various countries of the world . and besides , esperanto is not only useful but easy to learn . if you speak esperanto you can travel in many countries . come and learn
eng	you should have listened to me .
eng	hanako came all the way from hokkaido
eng	in order to see her father .
eng	" knock knock , is anyone home ? " " go away ! " " i can't hear you . " " okay , what is it ? " " allow me to introduce myself . i am geronimo stilton . " " what do you want ? " " your highness ,
eng	allow me to cross your kingdom so that i can get — " " denied . " " but — " " unless you're a true warrior . " " believe me when i tell you that i am not a knight . " " so you have no sword ? " "
eng	not even one . i am not a knight . " " how about a piece of the triforce ? " " i am not a knight ! " " you look like a knight on this picture i found on your website . " " i am not a knight ! " "
eng	what does it involve ?
eng	hanako turned out to be
eng	a surprisingly nice person .
eng	self - assurance , motivation , and a good method play a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability , and that dealing with languages is not only an effective
eng	bicycles are tools for urban sustainability .
eng	i can't wait for spring to come so
eng	we can sit under the cherry trees .
eng	" this came for you . " " urgh . . . " " so hey , you remember that one that she sent you where she asked you to get her those pictures of applejack's brother ? " " yeah . " " and then she told you
eng	to write a critique on mac's physical appearance . " " yeah . " " then she sent the critique to mac . " " . . . yeah . " " what did you tell her you learned from that ? " " i found that a phillips
eng	he would be glad to hear that .
eng	she was all the more beautiful
eng	dressed in her wedding costume .
eng	" so . . . what's this one , then ? " " it says , " drink this , then tell me what you've learned . " " alright , hang on . . . . and here's the bucket . okay , go ahead . " " urk ! ugh , it's got
eng	an aftertaste . eh ? uh oh ! blaaargh ! " " well . . . i see you didn't barf up the spell . . . " " ugh . . . i know she can make these potions palatable . . . anything happen ? " " aye . but — truth
eng	be told , it's come so far out of left field for me i don't actually have any feelings about it ! " " what ? " " have a look at the mirror . " " . . . oh . wait . . . what ? ! " " pretty much what
eng	computers make people stupid .
eng	the bride came into the room with lowered
eng	eyes and with everyone staring at her .
eng	so , i . . . i just turned into an alicorn today . i'm not used to the wings . . . yeah , so , it's like . . . different , being an alicorn . i was thinking about maybe what i can do with the new
eng	powers , like , maybe i can use them in some awesome battle to get something i like : " hey , now that i'm a god , you're gonna give me my books for free ! " see , but then i can't think of anything
eng	don't ask what they think . ask what they do .
eng	the bride came into the room
eng	, with everyone staring at her .
eng	" alright , i think you'll agree to this one . " " i am not dressing as a banana . " " the equestrian ponies want you to dress as a banana . it is your civic duty . . . . look , i have been making
eng	compromises . my new provision only makes you dress as a banana during state functions . " " it does not belong in a budget plan , luna . " " well , how else am i supposed to get you to dress as a
eng	anything that can be misunderstood will be .
eng	the bride's father showed up
eng	late for the wedding ceremony .
eng	during the reigns of kings louis xv and louis xvi , france supported the english colonists in their resistance against the london government not because of an admiration for democracy but because
eng	why is life so full of suffering ?
eng	a loaf of bread is better
eng	than the songs of birds .
eng	you've got a million dollars in front of you . you can either spend it for yourself or spend it on a surgery for someone you don't know who is in danger of quadriplegia . you don't know each other
eng	. and no one will ever know what a noble deed you've done sacrificing all the money for the surgery for a person you don't know , or how mean you were to take the money confining that person to a
eng	passion creates suffering .
eng	the blossoms expand under the
eng	influence of the weather .
eng	your time is limited , so don't waste it living someone else's life . don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking . don't let the noise of others' opinions
eng	the train from geneva will arrive at the station .
eng	the flowers are beginning to grow
eng	and everything is becoming green .
eng	do not fear me . i am afraid of many whom i find enviable , intimidating , or simply awkward to talk to . i don't want anyone to similarly fear me in any of those ways — over my time on these sites
eng	i'm starving !
eng	they are dancing , intoxicated with
eng	the beauty of cherry blossoms .
eng	the symbols of the body and spirit for humble people should be the tree and water respectively , since the tree hardens externally and matures over time in order to offer people in need refuge and
eng	have them shadowed ; on the other hand water lies calmed in peace , is useful for everyone equally and moreover it has a devastating power capable of destroying the most powerful nations of the world
eng	do you have friends in antigua ?
eng	i needn't have watered the flowers . just
eng	after i finished , it started raining .
eng	so i just learned from a post on facebook that the account that i thought wasn't working got hacked , some bad stuff happened , and it got banned . i was on vacation , so i had no idea this had transpired
eng	a cubic meter corresponds to 1000 liters .
eng	i need not have watered the flowers .
eng	just after i finished , it stared raining .
eng	although king harkinian is pretty much an omnivore , as much as a human being could ever be , his favourite food is by far the fabled munf munf cereal . one curious exception to his habit of eating
eng	everything that's on the dinner table is spaghetti , which he loathes deeply and has decreed that nobody may bring it into the hyrule castle . luigi and mario are the only people banned from the hyrule
eng	i am married and have two children .
eng	finishing the job by tuesday will
eng	be a piece of cake .
eng	your pupil is blue and when you laugh , its muted clarity reminds me of the shimmering dazzling light of the morning that is reflected in the sea . your pupil is blue and when you cry , i imagine
eng	he plays the piano very well .
eng	the phone number for the thursday evening phone
eng	conference is 415 - 904 - 8873 .
eng	my grandmother pulled out a handful of green beans , poured them into an ancient pan , toasted them patiently , ground them in a wooden hand mill with a copper handle , carefully squeezed the result
eng	i see it rarely .
eng	the plan announced tuesday calls for
eng	$54 billion in tax cuts .
eng	" it's just a big circle , you get high , you get tricked , you get the money and you just keep going around and going around , and you have to break off all of them to even be doing okay . " breaking
eng	free the women at breaking free support each other while they discuss the difficulty of leaving sex work it is an uphill battle . " i just need the support and to believe in myself that i can make
eng	i'd like to study in paris .
eng	allan works on tuesday and
eng	friday nights at the konbini .
eng	" it's just a big circle , you get high , you get tricked , you get the money and you just keep going around and going around , and you have to break off all of them to even be doing okay . " it
eng	you don't know who i am .
eng	mars is all the more interesting for
eng	its close resemblance to our earth .
eng	" as the ancient hebrews three times each year convened in jerusalem in order to enliven within them the love of the monotheist idea , so we every year convene in the capital city of esperantism
eng	why don't you eat vegetables ?
eng	mars is a promising place where
eng	we may be able to live .
eng	if native speakers of turkish contribute new , natural - sounding sentences in their own language or translate into turkish the non - turkish sentences which they can fully understand , then tatoeba
eng	why do people go to the movies ?
eng	he contends that primitive life
eng	once existed on mars .
eng	" tom , what is this between you and stoats ? " " nothing much , really . i simply find them very fascinating . " " but you're making references to stoats all the time when talking , and spend most
eng	i'm undressing .
eng	their plot to start a fire
eng	was discovered by the police .
eng	i feel different after i've been in tom's house , like a portion of my mind that was previously busy finding ways for me to enjoy myself when i didn't have to be working is now fully focused on thinking
eng	the car crashed into the wall .
eng	it transpired that fire was
eng	caused by a careless smoker .
eng	tom thinks he discovered that stoats have a language previously unknown to humans , that is so complex that even after years of study he barely mastered the basic vocabulary . in reality , stoats
eng	there are no real visions .
eng	the fire went on for some time
eng	before it was brought under control .
eng	in the countryside , the breaths of the grass , the trees , and the rocks have the foul smell of humans . they call to me from all directions , and they cling to me . but in the city , even the passengers
eng	creationism is a pseudo - science .
eng	the fire was put out at
eng	the cost of a fireman's life .
eng	the primary object of an efficient police is the prevention of crime : the next that of detection and punishment of offenders if crime is committed . to these ends all the efforts of police must be
eng	directed . the protection of life and property , the preservation of public tranquillity , and the absence of crime , will alone prove whether those efforts have been successful and whether the objects
eng	the wind calmed down .
eng	in case of fire , break the
eng	glass and push the red button .
eng	others hold that the earth has nine corners by which the heavens are supported . another disagreeing from these would have the earth supported by seven elephants , and the elephants do not sink down
eng	i don't want to propose to you !
eng	there is not much doubt about
eng	the cause of the fire .
eng	these stories are as old as anything that men have invented . they were narrated by naked savage women to naked savage children . they have been inherited by our earliest civilised ancestors , who
eng	really believed that beasts and trees and stones can talk if they choose , and behave kindly or unkindly . the stories are full of the oldest ideas of ages when science did not exist , and magic took
eng	give me time to give you everything i have !
eng	always keep a bucket of water
eng	handy , in case of fire .
eng	the girl tried to speak , but before she could sob out her thanks the old man had touched her softly on the head three times with his silver staff . in an instant elsa knew that she was turning into
eng	a bird : wings sprang from beneath her arms ; her feet were the feet of eagles , with long claws ; her nose curved itself into a sharp beak , and feathers covered her body . then she soared high in
eng	where there's a will , there's a way .
eng	the family had been sleeping for about
eng	two hours when the fire broke out .
eng	mark wrote a letter to his wife and gave it to vassili to take to her , and this was what was in the letter : 'when the bearer of this arrives , take him into the soap factory , and when you pass
eng	who searches , finds .
eng	my mother happened to be there
eng	when the fire broke out .
eng	i want you to go for me to my friend the serpent king , in his beautiful country at the world's end . twelve years ago he built a castle on some land of mine . i want you to ask for the rent for those
eng	rome wasn't built in a day .
eng	the surface of the earth rose
eng	due to the volcanic activity .
eng	entry , transportation , breaking - down and absorption of food is possible , thanks to a series of conduits , tissues and organs that constitute the digestive system . they all work together in a
eng	silence gives consent .
eng	the company faced a major interruption in business when a fire
eng	destroyed their archive of computer hard drives and optical discs .
eng	many among us are not familiar with diphthongs but they are found in every phrase , sentence and paragraph . question : how important are they in the zamboangueño chavacano language and what does
eng	 " good morning " , said tom with a smile .
eng	it was as clear as day
eng	that shinji would die from hunger .
eng	my dog's name is belysh . this summer i taught him to put out his paw . every morning i wake up early and feed him . then we go for a walk . he defends me from other dogs . when i go bike riding ,
eng	wine is poetry filled in bottles .
eng	the fire burned brightly ,
eng	giving forth a comforting warmth .
eng	our father in heaven , hallowed be your name . thy kingdom come , on earth as in heaven . gives us our daily bread . forgive us of our sin , as we forgive those who sin against us . lead us not into
eng	that was the best day of my life .
eng	the fire had spread to the
eng	next building before the firemen came .
eng	i think the big mistake in education is trying to teach children by using fear as the basic motivation : fear of failing an exam , fear of failing a grade and not staying with your class , etc . on
eng	i don't understand german .
eng	fanned by the strong wind ,
eng	the flames spread in all directions .
eng	in modern professional tennis , winning a big tournament is considered a greater achievement than winning several smaller tournaments of the same combined value . hence , top players typically concentrate
eng	on bigger tournaments and only play a few smaller ones in between . consequently , top players play and win fewer matches than before . since ivan lendl won 106 out of 115 matches he played in 1982
eng	i made my decision .
eng	the house did not suffer much damage
eng	because the fire was quickly put out .
eng	the king's son was beside himself with pain , and in his despair he leapt down from the tower . he escaped with his life , but the thorns into which he fell , pierced his eyes . then he wandered quite
eng	i give you my word .
eng	making use of fire may be
eng	regarded as man's greatest invention .
eng	since our mother died we have had no happiness ; our step - mother beats us every day , and if we come near her she kicks us away with her foot . our meals are the hard crusts of bread that are left
eng	you are the great love of my life .
eng	her cheeks were tinged with red
eng	by the warmth of fire .
eng	as time went on , the queen had a pretty little boy , and it happened that the king was out hunting ; so the old witch took the form of the chamber - maid , went into the room where the queen lay
eng	we have a pope .
eng	no one can deny the fact that
eng	there is no smoke without fire .
eng	then she told the king the evil deed which the wicked witch and her daughter had been guilty of towards her . the king ordered both to be led before the judge , and judgment was delivered against
eng	the whole is greater than the sum of the parts .
eng	as he had no way of making
eng	fire , he ate the fish raw .
eng	she sought for the wood for cooking and herbs for vegetables , and put the pans on the fire so that the dinner was always ready when the eleven came . she likewise kept order in the little house ,
eng	i don't think , therefore i am not .
eng	immediately after it caught fire ,
eng	the chemical factory blew up .
eng	once on a time there was a king who had an only daughter . he was so proud and so fond of her , that he was in constant terror that something would happen to her if she went outside the palace , and
eng	don't worry , be happy !
eng	the mere idea of swimming across
eng	the river made me tremble .
eng	then the bear ran to her wheelbarrow , threw off her bear's skin , and touched it with the magic wand that the witch had given her . in a moment the skin was changed into an exquisite ball dress woven
eng	i find foreign languages very interesting .
eng	in kabuki not only talent
eng	but also heredity counts .
eng	when we are young , we wander on a path , a path of exploration , a path of ebullience , a path of happiness , a path on which we believe that everything is so magical and that all will go our way
eng	i don't like learning irregular verbs .
eng	as singers go , she is
eng	among the best in the country .
eng	at last he fell into so great despair that he thought he would put an end to his own life , and for this purpose laid hold of the sword that the princess had given him ; but on drawing it from its
eng	take a book and read it .
eng	the girl who i thought was a
eng	singer proved to be a different person .
eng	we are soldiers in france , and we are citizens . another reason to be proud , to be a citizen ! for the poor , this consists in sustaining and preserving the wealthy in their power and their idleness
eng	. the poor must work there , before the majestic equality of the law , which forbids the wealthy and the poor alike to sleep under bridges , to beg in the streets and to steal bread . that is one
eng	face life with a smile !
eng	the singers sang together in order to
eng	raise money to help people with aids .
eng	" gee , it sure is boring — " " oh , for pete's sake , go do something before i hurt you . " " but — " " now ! " " but zelda — " " you better move fast . " " fine . i'll go — " " shut up ! " " you
eng	shut up first ! " " guess again ! " " oh please , your highness — " " alright . bye , link . " " where are you going ? " " gamelon . see you in only a whole month . and , link ? " " 'sup ? " " i love
eng	you make me dream .
eng	a poor singer , he doesn't
eng	like to sing in public .
eng	australian rod laver is the only tennis player to win the grand slam twice — first as an amateur , and again as a professional in the open era , when previously amateur - only or professional - only
eng	i'm beside myself with joy .
eng	fruit trees require a large amount
eng	of space in which to grow .
eng	the king had hardly made a few steps to the door when he was startled by morshu's mean laughter . the trickster merchant jumped out from behind the couch . " i got you on camera ! i got you on camera
eng	! " he grinned triumphantly . " me too , " ganon appeared next . " hey , that's not nice ! " the king cried frustratedly . " give me that ! " morshu easily dashed a few attempts to snatch the camera
eng	. " oh no , king , we're already putting this on youtube ! " ganon gloated . " for the lulz ! " " the lulz ! " morshu joined . " no , please , no ! " the king beat his fists against the floor in despair
eng	he's already a man .
eng	you'll have to attend the ceremony
eng	whether you are free or busy .
eng	that is why all poets , all philosophers , all thinkers , all the producers of the greatness of the mind must be translated , commented on , published , printed , reprinted , stereotyped , distributed
eng	the vacation is over now .
eng	scientific knowledge has greatly advanced
eng	since the 16th century .
eng	through both denotation and connotation , many turkish names are weighty with symbolism . before the second world war , the european system of name - giving was adopted , and the people of turkey
eng	i'm afraid to fall .
eng	with every increase of scientific knowledge , man's power for evil
eng	is increased in the same proportion as his power for good .
eng	for a while now , researchers have boasted the health benefits of red wine , including a lower risk of heart disease and degenerative diseases like alzheimer’s . in which case , drinking a glass of
eng	wine a day seems harmless , even beneficial . but a team of researchers from harvard th chan school of public health and brigham and women’s hospital in boston have busted our wine - infused bubble
eng	evening dress is desired .
eng	scientific research is not a mechanical routine , but
eng	a continuing struggle on the part of the scientist .
eng	first of all , our hearts go out to the families of those who have been killed . our prayers go to those who have been wounded . this is a devastating attack on all americans . it is one that is particularly
eng	painful for the people of orlando , but i think we all recognize that this could have happened anywhere in this country . and we feel enormous solidarity and grief on behalf of the families that have
eng	that's the absolute truth .
eng	scientific discoveries don't always make
eng	the world a better place .
eng	in all of our efforts , foremost in our minds is the loss and the grief of the people of orlando — those who died , those who are still recovering , the families who have seen their loved ones harmed
eng	, the friends of ours who are lesbian and gay and bisexual and transgender who were targeted . i want to remind them that they are not alone . the american people , and our allies and friends all
eng	it's cold .
eng	reading science fiction sometimes does much to
eng	encourage a scientific view of the universe .
eng	the year i was born , in 1961 , women made up less than 40 percent of college students . today , you earn almost 60 percent of college degrees , make up roughly half of the workforce . back then ,
eng	the pill was still illegal in some states . and today , thanks to the affordable care act , birth control is free . in the old days , women actually needed a husband to open a credit card . today
eng	i'm thirsty .
eng	scientists have been discovering new drugs , so there
eng	is always hope for someone in a coma .
eng	there is an important reason that so many working families feel like the system is rigged , and it’s because the economy hasn’t caught up to some of the enormous changes that have transformed america
eng	over the past 50 years . those days when the average family was a dad who went to work every day and a mom who stayed at home and did all the unpaid labor - - that’s not what our economy looks like
eng	give him an inch and he'll take a yard .
eng	scientists can easily compute
eng	the distance between planets .
eng	we’ve got to retool our system so that modern families and modern businesses can thrive . and let me be clear , this is not about big government , or expanding some fictional welfare - and - food
eng	you did this intentionally !
eng	scientists have come up with many explanations
eng	for why the sky is blue .
eng	we passed the affordable care act to give more americans the security of health care coverage so that not only people without health insurance could finally get it , but people who had health insurance
eng	you didn't tell him anything ?
eng	the scientist maintained that the theory
eng	should be tested through experiments .
eng	this is the future that we’re building , one where all of us here at home and around the world are free to live out our dreams . where our children’s aspirations aren’t segregated into pink and blue
eng	. where working families don’t have to choose between taking care of a loved one and earning a paycheck . where women and girls , no matter where they live , are free from fear of violence - - including
eng	you made me lose my mind .
eng	the scientist insisted on
eng	proceeding with the research .
eng	we admire the men who shaped our country , and rightfully so , the men we see as heroes - - from alexander hamilton to muhammad ali - - for their confidence and their courage in believing they could
eng	change our nation , this idea of self - creation , that there’s nothing holding us back . in them , we see america itself , constantly reinventing itself , fearless , looking out over the horizon
eng	you're my type .
eng	a scientist had to know how to ask the correct question and to state it so clearly that
eng	the answer would be , in effect , a definite yes or no , not " maybe " .
eng	today marks the most deadly shooting in american history . the shooter was apparently armed with a handgun and a powerful assault rifle . this massacre is therefore a further reminder of how easy
eng	it is for someone to get their hands on a weapon that lets them shoot people in a school , or in a house of worship , or a movie theater , or in a nightclub . and we have to decide if that’s the kind
eng	you're irresistible .
eng	some scientists predict that the world oil reserves
eng	will be used up within a century .
eng	as we go together , we will draw inspiration from heroic and selfless acts - - friends who helped friends , took care of each other and saved lives . in the face of hate and violence , we will love
eng	one another . we will not give in to fear or turn against each other . instead , we will stand united , as americans , to protect our people , and defend our nation , and to take action against those
eng	could you call again later , please ?
eng	according to scientists , the atmosphere
eng	is getting warmer year after year .
eng	be careful of your thoughts , for your thoughts become your words . be careful of your words , for your words become your actions . be careful of your actions , for your actions become your habits
eng	who am i talking with ?
eng	scientists say many factors bring
eng	about changes in weather .
eng	in living through this " great epoch , " it is difficult to reconcile oneself to the fact that one belongs to that mad , degenerate species that boasts of its free will . how i wish that somewhere
eng	i accept , but only under one condition .
eng	scientists will come up with new methods
eng	of increasing the world's food supply .
eng	try and penetrate with our limited means the secrets of nature and you will find that , behind all the discernible concatenations , there remains something subtle , intangible and inexplicable . veneration
eng	smile now , cry later !
eng	scientists began to find
eng	answers to these questions .
eng	the main reason to vote out imho is not immigration or the economy , although these are important , but the dangerous lack of democracy in the eu set - up . it's designed to give the illusion of being
eng	life is beautiful .
eng	scientists are working hard to
eng	put an end to aids .
eng	the world is horrible . i'm ditching it and moving to another planet . i'll found a colony where everything will be just perfect , a real utopia . i'll tell everybody what to do ( for their own good
eng	have you ever eaten a banana pie ?
eng	scientists are fighting to stem the
eng	spread of the aids virus .
eng	after his colonoscopy , tom learned that he had cancer . the surgeon cut out and removed the part of his sigmoid colon in which a tumour had been growing , and with staples she fashioned a new splice
eng	why would you marry a woman if you like men ?
eng	as scientists keep insisting , there is neither
eng	good nor bad in any scientific discovery .
eng	before pouring cement mixture into forms for a foundation , the work crew securely place an armature of steel bars at a predetermined spacing in order to reinforce the finished building's hardened
eng	are you for or against abortions ?
eng	technology is in itself meaningless
eng	unless it serves mankind .
eng	money never made a man happy yet , nor will it . there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness . the more a man has , the more he wants . instead of its filling a vacuum , it makes one . if
eng	it satisfies one want , it doubles and trebles that want another way . that was a true proverb of the wise man , rely upon it : " better is little with the fear of the lord , than great treasure ,
eng	what made you change your mind ?
eng	technology has failed to ease the
eng	conflict between man and nature .
eng	when i was a small boy in kansas , a friend of mine and i went fishing and as we sat there in the warmth of the summer afternoon on a river bank , we talked about what we wanted to do when we grew
eng	up . i told him that i wanted to be a real major league baseball player , a genuine professional like honus wagner . my friend said that he'd like to be president of the united states . neither of
eng	hey , look , a three - headed monkey !
eng	science and technology have come to pervade every aspect of our lives and ,
eng	as a result , society is changing at a speed which is quite unprecedented .
eng	we were depending on considerable assistance from the insurrectionists in france . throughout france the free french had been of inestimable value in the campaign . without their great assistance
eng	i love lasagna .
eng	some people argue that
eng	technology has negative effects .
eng	it was natural and perhaps human that the privileged princes of these new economic dynasties , thirsting for power , reached out for control over government itself . they created a new despotism and
eng	the brain is just a complicated machine .
eng	i don't think that technology provides
eng	us with everything we need .
eng	for too many of us the political equality we once had won was meaningless in the face of economic inequality . a small group had concentrated into their own hands an almost complete control over other
eng	people's property , other people's money , other people's labor — other people's lives . for too many of us life was no longer free ; liberty no longer real ; men could no longer follow the pursuit
eng	this baby penguin is too cute !
eng	science is far more than a
eng	collection of facts and methods .
eng	many causes produce war . there are ancient hatreds , turbulent frontiers , the " legacy of old forgotten , far - off things , and battles long ago . " there are new - born fanaticisms . convictions
eng	i'm at the hospital . i got struck by lightning .
eng	science has brought about many
eng	changes to our lives .
eng	he is suffering from a mental illness that can lead to insomnia , depression , anxiety , inability to concentrate , loss of appetite , suicidal thoughts , high blood pressure , and bouts of uncontrolled
eng	what is your greatest source of inspiration ?
eng	science has brought about many
eng	changes in our lives .
eng	the slogan " arbeit macht frei " at the gates of the nazi concentration camps was entirely cynical . the prisoners who believed the deceitful promise that work would set them free had no real chance
eng	anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung .
eng	science is a good thing , but it is not an end in itself
eng	; it is a means toward an end and that end is human betterment .
eng	the iss is operated jointly among five participating space agencies : the united states’ national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , the european space agency ( esa ) , the russian federal
eng	i was rereading the letters you sent to me .
eng	science is the way to
eng	prepare for the 21st century .
eng	lisa will place three spacecraft in orbit around the sun , tagging along behind earth . the three spacecraft will be 5 million kilometers apart flying in a triangle formation . when a gravitational
eng	wave passes by , these ripples in space gently push the spacecraft around by the tiniest amount imaginable . but the super - super - super sensitive laser beams that connect the three spacecraft will
eng	i don't want to go to school .
eng	the aim of science is , as has often
eng	been said , to foresee , not to understand .
eng	mary and tom thought it would be a shame if much of the oral history they had so patiently gathered were to be lost because of not being written down . because neither of them knew shorthand , they
eng	it's over between us . give me back my ring !
eng	the primary aim of science is
eng	to find truth , new truth .
eng	in a solid rocket , the propellants are mixed together and packed into a solid cylinder . under normal temperature conditions , the propellants do not burn ; but they will burn when exposed to a source
eng	it is raining .
eng	advances in science don't
eng	always benefit humanity .
eng	for many centuries , humans have tried to fly just like the birds . wings made of feathers or light weight wood have been attached to arms to test their ability to fly . the results were often disastrous
eng	she's really smart , isn't she ?
eng	progress in science was
eng	often barred by convention .
eng	the wright brothers first performed a literature search to find out the state of aeronautical knowledge at their time . they wrote to the smithsonian and obtained technical papers regarding aerodynamics
eng	justice is expensive .
eng	the progress of science has brought
eng	about great change in our lives .
eng	the history of a battle , is not unlike the history of a ball . some individuals may recollect all the little events of which the great result is the battle won or lost , but no individual can recollect
eng	every opinion is a mixture of truth and mistakes .
eng	science and art must contribute to
eng	the promotion of human welfare .
eng	we shall go on to the end . we shall fight in france , we shall fight on the seas and oceans , we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air , we shall defend our island ,
eng	whatever the cost may be . we shall fight on the beaches , we shall fight on the landing grounds , we shall fight in the fields and in the streets , we shall fight in the hills ; we shall never surrender
eng	life is a fatal sexually transmitted disease .
eng	science as such is not interested in
eng	the value or worth of things .
eng	over the last decade nasa launched a series of satellites that offer an unparalleled view of earth from space . that series , known collectively as nasa's earth observing system ( eos ) , has provided
eng	tomorrow , i'm going to study at the library .
eng	if science makes progress , we'll
eng	be able to solve such problems .
eng	throughout its 4 . 54 - billion - year history , earth has experienced multiple periods of temperatures hotter than today’s . but as far as the “recent” past is concerned , a study published in march
eng	too late .
eng	as science makes progress , old
eng	ways give place to new .
eng	winding through the high desert , across colorado , utah , arizona and on down the california border , the colorado river irrigates nearly 4 . 5 million acres of crops worth billions of dollars annually
eng	i went to the zoo yesterday .
eng	when science was less important than it is now , it
eng	was all very well to leave science to the scientists .
eng	it is true that there are some people even so utterly without imagination that they cannot take a joke ; such as that grave man of scotland who was at last plainly told by a funny friend quite out
eng	of patience , “why , you wouldn’t take a joke if it were fired at you out of a cannon ! ” “sir , ” replied the scot , with sound reasoning and grave thought , “sir , you are absurd . you cannot fire
eng	we won the battle .
eng	my uncle's brother's son got involved in
eng	a shady business and disgraced the family .
eng	when the hour for departure drew near the old mother went to her bedroom , and taking a small knife she cut her fingers till they bled ; then she held a white rag under them , and letting three drops
eng	hello ? are you still here ?
eng	my wife often rings me up
eng	, while she travels abroad .
eng	this is a vote the ramifications of which are going to last for many generations . we have to think very long - term here . anyone with a sense of history knows that this country has fought bitterly
eng	to maintain its freedom and independence for nigh on a thousand years . my heart wants us to remain in europe , but my head tells me i have no choice but to vote to leave . i'm going to vote with
eng	i make lunch every day .
eng	my wife's part - time job
eng	brings in a little extra money .
eng	some french mayors have been trying to outlaw the so - called burkini , an extremely modest garment which some muslim women wear on trips to the beach . critics of such measures have pointed out the
eng	i watched tv this morning .
eng	the spirit of patriotism has its source
eng	in the love of the family .
eng	on a beach in the south of france , some women were returning from a swim and sunbathing topless . although at first a little surprised , having come from a country with more conservative customs
eng	i read a book while eating .
eng	a lot of problems derive from a
eng	lack of reading in the home .
eng	the dogs drew blood from several protesters , including children , who were then pepper - sprayed in an unsuccessful attempt to drive them away from the construction site . instead of arresting the
eng	i started learning chinese last week .
eng	we tend to use more and
eng	more electric appliances in the home .
eng	twelve - year - old alice brownotter ran a total distance of nearly twenty - five hundred kilometres from north dakota to the united states capital to call for more protection of fresh water sources
eng	someday i will buy a cotton candy machine .
eng	unable to pay the rent ,
eng	i asked him for assistance .
eng	disregard and contempt for human rights have resulted in barbarous acts which have outraged the conscience of mankind , and the advent of a world in which human beings shall enjoy freedom of speech
eng	it's practical to have a laptop .
eng	our rent is four times as much
eng	as it was ten years ago .
eng	vladimir putin said he had not been misquoted but mistranslated when he had characterized an american presidential nominee as “flamboyant . ” a british newspaper had incorrectly translated that word
eng	your glasses fell on the floor .
eng	regarding the matter of house - rent ,
eng	i have come to terms with him .
eng	far away beyond the pine - woods , there is a little garden . there the grass grows long and deep , there are the great white stars of the hemlock flower , there the nightingale sings all night long
eng	we went to london last year .
eng	it made my mother's day when all
eng	the family gathered and had a party .
eng	in the lithuanian township of veisiejai , he was present at the death of a little girl . a raging fever consumed her . the unhappy mother almost went crazy with sorrow . for months afterwards he would
eng	she doesn't want to talk about it .
eng	his whole family is like that .
eng	they're like peas in a pod .
eng	" let's go to tim's for muffins and hot cocoa . " - " why should we ? mom's been baking goodies all day , and she gets a kick out of people enjoying her cooking . " " that's true . " " and i'm sure
eng	i lost my inspiration .
eng	the family assimilated quickly
eng	into their new environment .
eng	the brazilian flag has a green background ( alluding to the rainforest ) with a yellow diamond ( representative of gold and the country's wealth in mineral resources ) in whose center a starry blue
eng	it doesn't mean anything !
eng	family members should not
eng	compete against each other .
eng	" i was talking to tom cruise once ( a really close friend of mine ) , and i was telling him about the latest antics of my pal charlie sheen . we sat there talking for about an hour when i got a
eng	call from jay leno . he wanted me to be on his show next week . i was pretty busy , but i told jay i would find time in my schedule for his show . oh , i have to be off . " " here are your bags and
eng	be patient please . it takes time .
eng	the members of the family
eng	nursed the patient by turns .
eng	oh , you're a millionaire ? that's nice . it must be nice not having as much money to burn a hole in your pocket . sadly , i reached 10 billion dollars last month , and it's quite a burden . i have
eng	close the door when you leave .
eng	they have time to spend with their
eng	families or to enjoy their hobbies .
eng	no , faith , not a jot ; but to follow him thither with modesty / enough , and likelihood to lead it ; as thus : alexander died , / alexander was buried , alexander returneth into dust ; the dust
eng	is / earth ; of earth we make loam ; and why of that loam ( whereto he / was converted ) might they not stop a beer barrel ? / imperious caesar , dead and turn'd to clay , / might stop a hole to keep
eng	this is such a sad story .
eng	i've always wanted to go
eng	to australia with my family .
eng	alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank , and of having nothing to do : once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading , but it had no pictures
eng	if there's no solution , then there's no problem .
eng	i had a hand in the family
eng	deciding to move to new york .
eng	there was nothing so very remarkable in that ; nor did alice think it so very much out of the way to hear the rabbit say to itself , " oh dear ! oh dear ! i shall be too late ! " ( when she thought
eng	it over afterwards , it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this , but at the time it all seemed quite natural ; ) but when the rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat - pocket
eng	, and looked at it , and then hurried on , alice started to her feet , for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat - pocket , or a watch to take
eng	my little brother is watching tv .
eng	if it were not for my family
eng	, i would give up this job .
eng	at the university i spent my entire time in the acquisition of languages , living , dead , and half - dead , and knew nothing of the outside world . in this diligent pursuit of words i spent about
eng	sixteen hours of each day . very soon after graduation i had forgotten the languages , and found myself intellectually bankrupt . in other words i was what is called a distinguished graduate , and
eng	you met him at the university ?
eng	the landlord told him to leave
eng	because he hadn't paid his rent .
eng	either the well was very deep , or she fell very slowly , for she had plenty of time as she went down to look about her , and to wonder what was going to happen next . first , she tried to look down
eng	and make out what she was coming to , but it was too dark to see anything : then she looked at the sides of the well , and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book - shelves : here and
eng	there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs . she took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed ; it was labelled " orange marmalade , " but to her great disappointment it was empty : she
eng	aaah ! ! my computer is broken !
eng	the landlord won't permit him
eng	to paint the door red .
eng	" let's go to tim's for muffins and hot cocoa . " " why should we ? mom's been baking goodies all day , and you know she gets a kick out of people enjoying her cooking . " " that's true . " " and
eng	yes , it happens from time to time .
eng	the landlord told me a cock and bull story
eng	about why we didn't have heat for three days .
eng	the president - elect's cabinet selection process appeared in disarray , even as his fawning acolytes disputed multiple news reports of backbiting , vendettas , infighting and persistent , bitter
eng	most people only want to hear their own truth .
eng	if we pay the rent to the landlady , we won't have any money
eng	for food ; we are between the devil and the deep blue sea .
eng	the president - elect has yet to clarify his views , having taken conflicting positions on almost every political issue he chose to address during the election campaign , and on other issues having
eng	it is good to have ideals . . . don't you think ?
eng	more and more married
eng	couples share household chores .
eng	although the journalist was a guest of the independent candidate for a chinese district council , the current government sent a group of eight men who stood in a tight semi - circle in front of her
eng	it depends what you mean by " believe " in god .
eng	i had to do all the housework , but i
eng	wish i had gone to the movies or shopping .
eng	doctor labyrinth , like most people who read a great deal and who have too much time on their hands , had become convinced that our civilization was going the way of rome . he saw , i think , the
eng	same cracks forming that had sundered the ancient world , the world of greece and rome ; and it was his conviction that presently our world , our society , would pass away as theirs did , and a period
eng	if i gave no answer , i would not have spoken .
eng	it's easier for me to have
eng	a job than to do housework .
eng	spinoza saw , and i think with great profundity , that if a falling stone could reason , it would think , " i want to fall at the rate of thirty - two feet per second per second . " free will for
eng	i would like to retract my previous statement .
eng	having finished all her housework , she sat
eng	down on the sofa to watch television .
eng	when there was room on the ledge outside of the pots and boxes for a cat , the cat was there — in sunny weather — stretched at full length , asleep and blissful , with her furry belly to the sun and
eng	a paw curved over her nose . then that house was complete , and its contentment and peace were made manifest to the world by this symbol , whose testimony is infallible . a home without a cat — and
eng	tim is a huge fan of satirical comedy .
eng	there are a lot of persons
eng	who try to buy a house .
eng	the servants , and the young ladies also , decked out the tree . on one branch they hung little nets , cut out of colored paper ; every net was filled with sweetmeats ; golden apples and walnuts hung
eng	censorious people delight in casting blame .
eng	don't forget to turn off the
eng	gas before you leave the house .
eng	of all the personages whose marvelous doings once filled the minds of men , he alone survives . he has outlived all the great gods , and all the impressive and poetic conceptions which once flitted
eng	we must learn to meet adversity gracefully .
eng	before you leave home , make
eng	sure your pets have enough food .
eng	the fire has burned low , and a soft and solemn light fills the room . neither of us speaks while the clock strikes twelve . i look out of the window . the heavens are ablaze with light , and somewhere
eng	i cannot dance one single step of salsa .
eng	i had no sooner left the house
eng	than it began to rain hard .
eng	through the clear wintry sunshine the bells this morning rang from the gray church tower amid the leafless elms , and up the walk the villagers trooped in their best dresses and their best faces —
eng	i like my job very much .
eng	i had hardly left home when
eng	it began to rain heavily .
eng	i look out on the brilliant heaven , and see a milky way of powdery splendour wandering through it , and clusters and knots of stars and planets shining serenely in the blue frosty spaces ; and the
eng	armed apparition of orion , his spear pointing away into immeasurable space , gleaming overhead ; and the familiar constellation of the plough dipping down into the west ; and i think when i go in
eng	i dreamt about you .
eng	as soon as i left home ,
eng	i came across her in the street .
eng	when christmas eve came he’d harness up his reindeers , dasher , and prancer , and vixen , and the rest of them , and wrap himself up in furs , and light his big pipe , and cram his sled full of the
eng	i have to get a new computer .
eng	we have made numerous improvements to
eng	our house since we bought it .
eng	the pagan nations of antiquity always had a tendency to worship the sun , under different names , as the giver of light and life . and their festivals in its honor took place near the winter solstice
eng	i won't lose !
eng	are we to remove our
eng	shoes before entering the house ?
eng	thus our own christmas fir was decked as a symbol of the celestial sun tree . the lights , according to professor schwartz , represent the flashes of lightning overhead , the golden apples , nuts
eng	i was late to school .
eng	as soon as he got home ,
eng	he began to play a computer game .
eng	and the angel said unto them , fear not : for , behold , i bring you good tidings of great joy , which shall be to all people . for unto you is born this day in the city of david a saviour , which
eng	is christ the lord . and this shall be a sign unto you ; ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes , lying in a manger . and suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly
eng	classes are starting again soon .
eng	it was not until i got
eng	home that i missed my watch .
eng	a house without books is like a room without windows . no man has a right to bring up his children without surrounding them with books , if he has the means to buy them . it is a wrong to his family
eng	i think i'm gonna sneeze . give me a tissue .
eng	each house is within
eng	shouting distance of another .
eng	the universal right to speak your mind and to protest against authority , to live in a society that’s open and free , that can criticize a president without retribution - - a country where you're
eng	judged by the content of your character rather than what you look like , or how you worship , or what your last name is , or where your family came from - - that's what separates us from tyrants and
eng	for a moment there , i thought he had gone mad .
eng	a house is built on top
eng	of a solid foundation of cement .
eng	don't you see that the whole aim of newspeak is to narrow the range of thought ? in the end we shall make thoughtcrime literally impossible , because there will be no words in which to express it
eng	this day was just a waste of time and money .
eng	we have two cats ; one is
eng	white , and the other is black .
eng	i am sure i have always thought of christmas time , when it has come round — apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin , if anything belonging to it can be apart from that — as a
eng	good time ; a kind , forgiving , charitable , pleasant time : the only time i know of , in the long calendar of the year , when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut - up hearts freely
eng	but you've never told me about this !
eng	the house looked good ; moreover
eng	, the price was right .
eng	with five feeble senses we pretend to comprehend the boundlessly complex cosmos , yet other beings with wider , stronger , or different range of senses might not only see very differently the things
eng	i've changed my website's layout .
eng	i think the only problem i have
eng	now is being shut in at home .
eng	we assess with high confidence that russian president vladimir putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the u . s . presidential election , the consistent goals of which were to undermine
eng	when we are small , everything seems so big .
eng	when we have a family argument , my husband
eng	always sides with his mother instead of me .
eng	if our democracy is to work in this increasingly diverse nation , then each one of us need to try to heed the advice of a great character in american fiction — atticus finch — who said : " you never
eng	he won't beat me .
eng	let's take a rest in
eng	the garden instead of indoors .
eng	it's that spirit — a faith in reason , and enterprise , and the primacy of right over might — that allowed us to resist the lure of fascism and tyranny during the great depression ; that allowed us
eng	to build a post - world war ii order with other democracies , an order based not just on military power or national affiliations but built on principles — the rule of law , human rights , freedom
eng	i have to do laundry while it's still sunny .
eng	the basements of the houses
eng	are likely to have problems .
eng	the integration of our global economy has made life better for billions of men , women and children . over the last 25 years , the number of people living in extreme poverty has been cut from nearly
eng	sorry , i don't think i'm gonna be able to .
eng	there was a traffic accident in
eng	front of the house yesterday .
eng	in medicine and in manufacturing , in education and communications , we’re experiencing a transformation of how human beings live on a scale that recalls the revolutions in agriculture and industry
eng	you had plenty of time .
eng	she regretted deeply when she
eng	looked back on her life .
eng	our international order has been so successful that we take it as a given that great powers no longer fight world wars ; that the end of the cold war lifted the shadow of nuclear armageddon ; that
eng	stop criticizing me !
eng	the household was already awake
eng	at 6 in the morning .
eng	as too often , those trumpeting the benefits of globalization have ignored inequality within and among nations ; have ignored the enduring appeal of ethnic and sectarian identities ; have left international
eng	come on ! talk to me , trang .
eng	to make our house payments , we're
eng	going to have to tighten our belts .
eng	i know that some countries , which now recognize the power of free markets , still reject the model of free societies . and perhaps those of us who have been promoting democracy feel somewhat discouraged
eng	i'm almost done .
eng	after tying up loose ends on the house ,
eng	the carpenter gave the painter approval to begin work .
eng	i do not believe progress is possible if our desire to preserve our identities gives way to an impulse to dehumanize or dominate another group . if our religion leads us to persecute those of another
eng	faith , if we jail or beat people who are gay , if our traditions lead us to prevent girls from going to school , if we discriminate on the basis of race or tribe or ethnicity , then the fragile bonds
eng	take the other chair !
eng	there are always some chores to
eng	be done about the house .
eng	i believe america has been a rare superpower in human history insofar as it has been willing to think beyond narrow self - interest ; that while we’ve made our share of mistakes over these last 25
eng	years - - and i’ve acknowledged some - - we have strived , sometimes at great sacrifice , to align better our actions with our ideals . and as a consequence , i believe we have been a force for good
eng	how many sandwiches are there left ?
eng	the rise in house prices enabled him to
eng	sell his house at a big profit .
eng	we can't combat a disease like zika that recognizes no borders - - mosquitos don't respect walls - - unless we make permanent the same urgency that we brought to bear against ebola - - by strengthening
eng	i'm not inspired anymore .
eng	the homeless sought shelter
eng	from the chilly shower .
eng	sometimes i'm criticized in my own country for professing a belief in international norms and multilateral institutions . but i am convinced that in the long run , giving up some freedom of action
eng	- - not giving up our ability to protect ourselves or pursue our core interests , but binding ourselves to international rules over the long term - - enhances our security . and i think that's not
eng	i won't lower myself to his level .
eng	the homeless people were annoyed
eng	by the flies and mosquitoes .
eng	there's a much darker and more cynical view of history that we can adopt . human beings are too often motivated by greed and by power . big countries for most of history have pushed smaller ones around
eng	we could see the sunset from the window .
eng	she scraped her shoes clean
eng	before she entered the house .
eng	during the course of these eight years , as i've traveled to many of your nations , i have seen that spirit in our young people , who are more educated and more tolerant , and more inclusive and more
eng	it's driving me crazy .
eng	it is our custom to take off
eng	our shoes when we enter the house .
eng	and in my own life , in this country , and as president , i have learned that our identities do not have to be defined by putting someone else down , but can be enhanced by lifting somebody else up
eng	did you say that i could never win ?
eng	investing money in your home has some merit ; when it
eng	is time to sell it you can get more money .
eng	from the standpoint of daily life , however , there is one thing we do know : that man is here for the sake of other men — above all for those upon whose smile and well - being our own happiness depends
eng	it's all dark outside .
eng	scarcely had i reached home
eng	before the telephone rang .
eng	my political ideal is democracy . everyone should be respected as an individual , but no one idolized . it is an irony of fate that i should have been showered with so much uncalled for and unmerited
eng	during summer breaks , i ate dinner at midnight .
eng	when i got home , i
eng	found your letter waiting for me .
eng	to know that what is impenetrable to us really exists , manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty which our dull faculties can comprehend only in their most primitive forms
eng	you can finish your essay now .
eng	it was not until i reached
eng	home that i missed my purse .
eng	we have the heaviest concentration of lawyers on earth — one for every five - hundred americans ; three times as many as are in england , four times as many as are in west germany , twenty - one times
eng	never try to die .
eng	it seemed strange that the door
eng	was open when i got home .
eng	i want to stress again that human rights are not peripheral to the foreign policy of the united states . our pursuit of human rights is part of a broad effort to use our great power and our tremendous
eng	i am too old for this world .
eng	he had been repairing the car and
eng	looked tired when i arrived home .
eng	if by a " liberal " they mean someone who looks ahead and not behind , someone who welcomes new ideas without rigid reactions , someone who cares about the welfare of the people - their health , their
eng	housing , their schools , their jobs , their civil rights and their civil liberties - someone who believes we can break through the stalemate and suspicions that grip us in our policies abroad , if
eng	life begins when we realize who we really are .
eng	please remember to post the
eng	letter on your way home .
eng	no nation can fully understand itself or find its place in the world if it does not look with clear eyes at all the glories and disgraces , too , of the past . we , in the united states , acknowledge
eng	life begins when you pay taxes .
eng	i would rather sit reading in
eng	the library than go home .
eng	we had to struggle with the old enemies of peace — business and financial monopoly , speculation , reckless banking , class antagonism , sectionalism , war profiteering . they had begun to consider
eng	life begins when you're ready to live it .
eng	when i came home , my mother
eng	was standing by the door in tears .
eng	why must people kneel down to pray ? if i really wanted to pray i'll tell you what i'd do . i'd go out into a great big field all alone or into the deep , deep , woods , and i'd look up into the sky
eng	it is never too late to learn .
eng	it wasn't until i got home
eng	that i missed my umbrella .
eng	the orchard , with its great sweeping boughs that bent to the ground with fruit , proved so delightful that the little girls spent most of the afternoon in it , sitting in a grassy corner where the
eng	he told me the story of his life .
eng	there are more children's stories about the
eng	fear of being left home alone .
eng	more than once in history have people revolted against the inequalities of life and refused to submit to the restraints of laws and creeds . they have often gone through a period of communism and
eng	red terror in the hope of realizing ultimately the perfect state . their leaders , undoubtedly sincere at first , espouse the utopian dream , declaring themselves the exponents of its ideals , the
eng	promised messengers of its blessings . but with the material for revolt ready at hand , and unable to resist the seductions of nascent power , they soon undergo that transformation which history identifies
eng	, often not unjustly , with demagogy , if they fail , or with autocracy , if they succeed . in either case , by utilizing the elements of negation in society , they become apostles of violence , proclaiming
eng	the theory of " creative destruction . " but instead of creating a utopia on the ruins of their making , they only succeed in setting up , as history shows , another government , which , no matter
eng	i never said i was fragile .
eng	there are 5 computers in the house ,
eng	but 2 of them aren't any use .
eng	anne , with her elbows on the window sill , her soft cheek laid against her clasped hands , and her eyes filled with visions , looked out unheedingly across city roof and spire to that glorious dome
eng	i wonder if i am made for this world .
eng	we have two dogs . one is
eng	black and the other is white .
eng	and why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother's eye , but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye ? or how wilt thou say to thy brother , let me pull out the mote out of thine eye
eng	what are you talking about ?
eng	when i'm at home there's a lot of stuff to
eng	do ; i don't even have time to watch tv .
eng	silence accompanies the most significant expressions of happiness and unhappiness : those in love understand one another best when silent , while the most heated and impassioned speech at a graveside
eng	i want a piece of candy .
eng	if you take your shoes off before coming into the
eng	house you won't bring in any dirt from your shoes .
eng	my mother and father are the only people on the whole planet whom i will never begrudge a thing . should i achieve great things , it is the work of their hands ; they are splendid people and their
eng	i knew that today would be fun .
eng	houses should be built so as to admit
eng	plenty of light as well as fresh air .
eng	a tree is beautiful , but what's more , it has a right to life ; like water , the sun and the stars , it is essential . life on earth is inconceivable without trees . forests create climate , climate
eng	when are we eating ? i'm hungry !
eng	feeling the house shake , i
eng	ran out into the street .
eng	russian forests crash down under the axe , billions of trees are dying , the habitations of animals and birds are laid waste , rivers grow shallow and dry up , marvelous landscapes are disappearing
eng	forever . . . . man is endowed with creativity in order to multiply that which has been given him ; he has not created , but destroyed . there are fewer and fewer forests , rivers are drying up ,
eng	i have class tomorrow .
eng	feeling the house shake , i ran out into
eng	the yard at the back of the house .
eng	love : a temporary insanity curable by marriage or by the removal of the patient from the influences under which he incurred the disorder . this disease , like caries and many other ailments , is
eng	prevalent only among civilized races living under artificial conditions ; barbarous nations breathing pure air and eating simple food enjoy immunity from its ravages . it is sometimes fatal , but
eng	i can't believe it !
eng	as soon as he felt his house shake
eng	, he rushed out into the garden .
eng	i don't know what to do with you . if there's a problem , it should be resolved . on sunday we almost ended up calling the police and breaking the door down . your neighbors aren't going to put up
eng	 " thank you . " " you're welcome . "
eng	several houses were carried away
eng	by the great flood .
eng	by " nationalism " i mean first of all the habit of assuming that human beings can be classified like insects and that whole blocks of millions or tens of millions of people can be confidently labelled
eng	" good " or " bad . " but secondly — and this is much more important — i mean the habit of identifying oneself with a single nation or other unit , placing it beyond good and evil and recognizing
eng	how do you pronounce " pronounce " ?
eng	how long does it take to go
eng	to the office from your home ?
eng	i learned this language primarily by memorizing lists of words , and this approach worked tolerably well . however , when i learned that language , prioritizing memorizing individual words over learning
eng	winter is my favorite season .
eng	how long does it take you to
eng	get here on foot from your home ?
eng	in a club , though there mayn’t be a soul of your acquaintance in the room , you have always the chance of watching strangers , and speculating on what is going on within those tents and curtains
eng	of their souls , their coats and waistcoats . this is a never - failing sport . indeed i am told there are some clubs in the town where nobody ever speaks to anybody . they sit in the coffee - room
eng	it's difficult to have great ideas .
eng	mother - in - law and daughter -
eng	in - law are a tempest and hailstorm .
eng	many animal studies unambiguously show certain substances to be poisonous or of medical value in animals , but the results of later studies conducted on humans show that these effects do not occur
eng	i learned a lot from you .
eng	natsume soseki is one of
eng	the best writers in japan .
eng	it may be objected that humans , as opposed to animals , have intelligence , and therefore have the right not to be experimented upon . however , many humans , such as the mentally disabled , those
eng	we walked a lot .
eng	i was away from home
eng	all through the summer vacation .
eng	in conclusion , animal experimentation is both morally wrong and of limited practical value . it is morally far more costly than the cosmetic products it produces , significantly flawed as a tool
eng	i spent twelve hours on the train .
eng	i usually went to bed at
eng	ten during the summer vacation .
eng	representatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned among the several states which may be included within this union , according to their respective numbers , which shall be determined by adding
eng	she got sick this weekend .
eng	i'm thinking of going to the
eng	states during the summer vacation .
eng	the cities , the roads , the countryside , the people i meet - they all begin to blur . i tell myself i am searching for something . but more and more , it feels like i am wandering , waiting for
eng	hold on , someone is knocking at my door .
eng	they visited us at the
eng	camp during summer vacation .
eng	i remember the time when the germans called the euro " esperantogeld " to mean that it would never happen . of course , none of the people who said that would admit it today . it's the peculiarity
eng	he's rich . he doesn't need money !
eng	what do you say to making a
eng	trip with me during the summer vacation ?
eng	it is much to be wished that slavery may be abolished . the honour of the states , as well as justice and humanity , in my opinion , loudly call upon them to emancipate these unhappy people . to contend
eng	he's sleeping like a baby .
eng	the summer vacation has come to an end ,
eng	and we will have to go back to school .
eng	it is too true , however disgraceful it may be to human nature , that nations in general will make war whenever they have a prospect of getting anything by it ; nay , absolute monarchs will often
eng	make war when their nations are to get nothing by it , but for the purposes and objects merely personal , such as thirst for military glory , revenge for personal affronts , ambition , or private
eng	compacts to aggrandize or support their particular families or partisans . these and a variety of other motives , which affect only the mind of the sovereign , often lead him to engage in wars not
eng	i want a massage . i need to relax .
eng	summer vacation is near . can you think
eng	of a good place for the holidays ?
eng	i am studying 31 languages because i want to know better the world in which i live . this helps me avoid , for example , reading faulty translations . it also helps me communicate with my friends
eng	you're sick . you have to rest .
eng	we have five days to
eng	go before the summer vacation .
eng	" you must excuse me , anne . i've got a habit of being outspoken and folks mustn't mind it . " " but they can't help minding it . and i don't think it's any help that it's your habit . what would
eng	there's a secret path on the left .
eng	during the summer vacation , i
eng	made friends with many villagers .
eng	dear native speakers . please , assist me to compose an amount of sentences which describe a definite world . the world looks like this : 1 . there is a red hard rough heavy box ; 2 . there is a green
eng	soft smooth light cube ; 3 . the box is bigger than the cube . please , use the words from the list : cube , green , soft , smooth , big , above , close , stand , fast , light , good ; box , red ,
eng	she's asking for the impossible .
eng	i worked in a post
eng	office during the summer vacation .
eng	a king dies . despite the fact that they are so wealthy they can acquire virtually everything their hearts desire , his sons , for some reason , all desperately want to be king . in order to achieve
eng	he disappeared without a trace .
eng	how much money was saved in
eng	preparation for the summer vacation ?
eng	science doesn't purvey absolute truth . science is a mechanism . it's a way of trying to improve your knowledge of nature . it's a system for testing your thoughts against the universe and seeing
eng	there cannot be progress without communication .
eng	i delighted in going to his
eng	farm during the summer vacation .
eng	the impression that science is over has occurred many times in various branches of human knowledge , often because of an explosion of discoveries made by a genius or a small group of men in such a
eng	short time that average minds could hardly follow and had the unconscious desire to take breath , to get used to the unexpected things that came to be revealed . dazzled by these new truths , they
eng	the world doesn't revolve around you .
eng	tourists poured into karuizawa
eng	during the summer vacation .
eng	all the old despots were demagogues ; at least , they were demagogues whenever they were really trying to please or impress the demos . if they poured out beer for their vassals it was because both
eng	they and their vassals had a taste for beer . if ( in some slightly different mood ) they poured melted lead on their vassals , it was because both they and their vassals had a strong distaste for
eng	the world is full of fools .
eng	i'm just going to rest
eng	during the summer vacation .
eng	before battle was joined they say that someone from trachis warned him how many persians there were by saying that when they fired their bows , they hid the sun with the mass of arrows . dianeces
eng	, so the story goes , was so dismissive of the persian numbers that he calmly replied , " all to the good , my friend from trachis . if the persians hide the sun , the battle will be in shade rather
eng	are you saying my life is in danger ?
eng	many young people go
eng	abroad during summer vacation .
eng	for truly on countless occasions throughout my life i have had this experience ; persons for a time talk pleasantly with me because of my work among the sick , in which they think me very well trained
eng	do you have any idea what my life is like ?
eng	i'm looking forward to your
eng	visit during summer vacation .
eng	now in this island of atlantis there was a great and wonderful empire which had rule over the whole island and several others , and over parts of the continent and , furthermore , the men of atlantis
eng	this place has a mysterious atmosphere .
eng	the extension of the summer
eng	vacation delighted the children .
eng	constantly regard the universe as one living being , having one substance and one soul ; and observe how all things have reference to one perception , the perception of this one living being ; and
eng	so what if i am gay ? is it a crime ?
eng	in summer meat easily goes bad ;
eng	you must keep it in the refrigerator .
eng	at dawn , when you have trouble getting out of bed , tell yourself : ‘i have to go to work – as a human being . what do i have to complain of , if i’m going to do what i was born for – the things
eng	my life is hollow without him .
eng	in summer it is essential to drink
eng	lots of water when we sweat .
eng	all things are implicated with one another , and the bond is holy ; and there is hardly anything unconnected with any other things . for things have been co - ordinated , and they combine to make
eng	i don't want to fail my exams .
eng	summer is the season when
eng	women look most beautiful .
eng	when rhodopis was bathing , an eagle snatched one of her sandals from her maid and carried it to memphis ; and while the king was administering justice in the open air , the eagle , when it arrived
eng	above his head , flung the sandal into his lap ; and the king , stirred both by the beautiful shape of the sandal and by the strangeness of the occurrence , sent men in all directions into the country
eng	in quest of the woman who wore the sandal ; and when she was found in the city of naucratis , she was brought up to memphis , became the wife of the king , and when she died was honoured with a great
eng	my mother bought two bottles of orange juice .
eng	in late summer and autumn one
eng	can see the leaves change colour .
eng	there is a revolution coming . it will not be like revolutions of the past . it will originate with the individual and with culture , and it will change the political structure only as its final act
eng	. it will not require violence to succeed , and it cannot be successfully resisted by violence . it is now spreading with amazing rapidity , and already our laws , institutions and social structure
eng	are changing in consequence . it promises a higher reason , a more human community , and a new and liberated individual . its ultimate creation will be a new and enduring wholeness and beauty — a
eng	she was wearing a black hat .
eng	there are more cars on the road
eng	in the summer than in the winter .
eng	the logic and necessity of the new generation — and what they are so furiously opposed to — must be seen against a background of what has gone wrong in america . it must be understood in light of
eng	the betrayal and loss of the american dream , the rise of the corporate state of the 1960's , and the way in which that state dominates , exploits , and ultimately destroys both nature and man . its
eng	rationality must be measured against the insanity of existing " reason " — reason that makes impoverishment , dehumanization , and even war appear to be logical and necessary . its logic must be read
eng	from the fact that americans have lost control of the machinery of their society , and only new values and a new culture can restore control . its emotions and spirit can be comprehended only by seeing
eng	we made pancakes for breakfast .
eng	my summer school dress is
eng	blue and white checkered .
eng	organizations are not really " owned " by anyone . what formerly constituted ownership was split up into stockholders' rights to share in profits , management's power to set policy , employees' right
eng	i want to be more independent .
eng	the store changed hands at
eng	the end of last summer .
eng	the liberals of the nineteen - thirties were diverse , but they had a common vision . they accepted democracy , the free market , and capitalism . however , they thought that unless the market was
eng	not corrected or ameliorated , there would be child labor , neglect of the elderly , dangerous and harmful consumer goods , monopolies squeezing people out of business and forcing down wages — in
eng	are you just going to stand there all day ?
eng	st mark's square in venice is always
eng	swarming with tourists in the summer .
eng	today we are witnessing an impoverishment : the apparent drying up of resources for all kinds of things that are badly needed . we seem to have no money for housing , for education , or for health
eng	a rabbit has long ears and a short tail .
eng	i have to write a paper of more
eng	than 10 pages for my summer homework .
eng	everybody is fighting each other under the illusion that it is the " other people " that are causing the problem . we don't realize that we are all in the same boat . we are all suffering from the
eng	my heart was filled with happiness .
eng	how often do you go swimming
eng	in the sea each summer ?
eng	i see self - destruction now on a grand scale . that is , the unwillingness to pay for the things society needs . that's the most basic kind of self - destruction . that we're not prepared to pay
eng	he wishes to erase bad memories .
eng	we have much rain in summer but on the
eng	other hand we have little rain in winter .
eng	when cinder - maid went to the ball the prince would dance with none but her ; and when midnight came round she fled as before . but the prince , hoping to prevent her running away , had ordered the
eng	sir , you are not allowed to park your car here .
eng	in summer , they used to play
eng	on the beach all day long .
eng	there was once a man who was the laziest man in all the world . he wouldn't take off his clothes when he went to bed because he didn't want to have to put them on again . he wouldn't raise his cup
eng	to his lips but went down and sucked up his tea without carrying the cup . he wouldn't play any sports because he said they made him sweat . and he wouldn't work with his hands for the same reason
eng	your secret will be safe with me .
eng	in the long summer days she sat in the sun and watched the
eng	trees cover themselves with leaves , and the white daisies cover the hill .
eng	at last she came to the rose - bush from which her father had plucked the rose , and there , under it , what do you think she saw ! there was the beast lying huddled up without any life or motion
eng	. then bella was sorry indeed and remembered all the kindness that the beast had shown her ; and she threw herself down by it and said , " oh , beast , beast , why did you die ? i was getting to love
eng	tell them to call me before they leave .
eng	when summer is over , the
eng	days grow shorter and shorter .
eng	as she was going through the wood , she met gaffer wolf , who had a very great mind to eat her up ; but he dared not , because of some fagot - makers hard by in the forest . he asked her whither she
eng	was going . the poor child , who did not know that it was dangerous to stay and hear a wolf talk , said to him : — " i am going to see my grandmother , and carry her a custard and a little pot of
eng	you should have refused such an unfair proposal .
eng	in england , in the summer , the
eng	sun rises at about 4 a . m .
eng	the wolf began to run as fast as he could , taking the shortest way , and the little girl went by the longest way , amusing herself by gathering nuts , running after butterflies , and making nosegays
eng	i don't have the strength to keep trying .
eng	the alternative possibilities are
eng	neutrality or war .
eng	" who's there ? " called the wolf . little red riding - hood , hearing the big voice of the wolf , was at first afraid ; but thinking her grandmother had a cold , answered : — " 'tis your grandchild
eng	i didn't mean to give you that impression .
eng	i want to go on a
eng	journey around the world if possible .
eng	" for my part , " said the elder , " i will wear my red velvet suit with french trimmings . " " and i , " said the younger , " shall wear my usual skirt ; but then , to make amends for that , i will
eng	yes ! i won twice in a row !
eng	i'd send my kid out on his own for a while if i were
eng	you . a few hard knocks at this point might do him some good .
eng	she then went to look into the mouse - trap , where she found six mice , all alive . she ordered cinderella to lift the trap - door , when , giving each mouse , as it went out , a little tap with
eng	i'm tired of eating fast food .
eng	some member countries have been lax in
eng	abiding by g - 7 agreements .
eng	after that , she said to her : — " go into the garden , and you will find six lizards behind the watering - pot ; bring them to me . " she had no sooner done so than her godmother turned them into
eng	i'm sick and tired of being sick and tired .
eng	mr kato , who lives in paris
eng	, misses his family left at home .
eng	being thus attired , she got into the carriage , her godmother commanding her , above all things , not to stay till after midnight , and telling her , at the same time , that if she stayed one moment
eng	i can't wait to go on a vacation .
eng	kato asked him many questions
eng	about the united states .
eng	when the two sisters returned from the ball , cinderella asked them if they had had a pleasant time , and if the fine lady had been there . they told her , yes ; but that she hurried away the moment
eng	the essence of mathematics is liberty .
eng	it is difficult to relate to someone
eng	who has different values from you .
eng	what they said was true ; for a few days after the king's son caused it to be proclaimed , by sound of trumpet , that he would marry her whose foot this slipper would fit exactly . they began to try
eng	where is the bathroom ?
eng	if your prices are competitive ,
eng	we will place a large order .
eng	the astonishment of her two sisters was great , but it was still greater when cinderella pulled out of her pocket the other slipper and put it on her foot . the astonishment of her two sisters was
eng	the essence of liberty is mathematics .
eng	observe his facial reaction when
eng	we mention a price .
eng	there was a very fine christening ; and the princess had for her godmothers all the fairies they could find in the whole kingdom ( there were seven of them ) , so that every one of them might confer
eng	how many hours of sleep do you need ?
eng	demand for imported cars is
eng	increasing due to lower prices .
eng	in the meanwhile all the fairies began to give their gifts to the princess . the youngest gave her for her gift that she should be the most beautiful person in the world ; the next , that she should
eng	have the wit of an angel ; the third , that she should be able to do everything she did gracefully ; the fourth , that she should dance perfectly ; the fifth , that she should sing like a nightingale
eng	each person is a world .
eng	he emphasized that tens of thousands of
eng	people would come to that concert .
eng	at this very instant the young fairy came from behind the curtains and said these words in a loud voice : — " assure yourselves , o king and queen , that your daughter shall not die of this disaster
eng	. it is true , i have no power to undo entirely what my elder has done . the princess shall indeed pierce her hand with a spindle ; but , instead of dying , she shall only fall into a deep sleep ,
eng	i have french nationality but vietnamese origins .
eng	there are several flowers . one is red ,
eng	another is white , and the others are yellow .
eng	about fifteen or sixteen years after , the king and queen being absent at one of their country villas , the young princess was one day running up and down the palace ; she went from room to room ,
eng	i'm crazy about you .
eng	minutes or hours later dr . numata
eng	came in and felt sadako's forehead .
eng	the good fairy who had saved her life by condemning her to sleep a hundred years was in the kingdom of matakin , twelve thousand leagues off , when this accident befell the princess ; but she was
eng	i don't know what is worse .
eng	millions of people can see more games than when
eng	they have to attend each one in person .
eng	this was what she did : she touched with her wand everything in the palace ( except the king and queen ) , — governesses , maids of honor , ladies of the bedchamber , gentlemen , officers , stewards
eng	, cooks , undercooks , kitchen maids , guards with their porters , pages , and footmen ; she likewise touched all the horses which were in the stables , the cart horses , the hunters and the saddle
eng	horses , the grooms , the great dogs in the outward court , and little mopsey , too , the princess's spaniel , which was lying on the bed . as soon as she touched them they all fell asleep , not to
eng	i am proud to be a part of this project .
eng	hundreds of people were waiting
eng	outside the ticket office .
eng	these orders were not necessary ; for in a quarter of an hour's time there grew up all round about the park such a vast number of trees , great and small , bushes and brambles , twining one within
eng	beauty lies in the eyes of the one who sees .
eng	hundreds of people called or
eng	wrote to the gorilla foundation .
eng	every one answered according as they had heard . some said that it was an old haunted castle , others that all the witches of the country held their midnight revels there , but the common opinion
eng	was that it was an ogre's dwelling , and that he carried to it all the little children he could catch , so as to eat them up at his leisure , without any one being able to follow him , for he alone
eng	who buys this type of art ?
eng	after a couple of drinks ,
eng	the guy was feeling no pain .
eng	the prince did not know what to believe , and presently a very aged countryman spake to him thus : — " may it please your royal highness , more than fifty years since i heard from my father that there
eng	why can't we tickle ourselves ?
eng	lately , i've been letting my english go . it seems i'll
eng	never improve at it , no matter how many years i study .
eng	as soon as he began to get near to the wood , all the great trees , the bushes , and brambles gave way of themselves to let him pass through . he walked up to the castle which he saw at the end of
eng	the answer leads us to a vicious circle .
eng	for years the picture passed
eng	as a genuine rembrandt .
eng	the king , his father , who was a good man , believed him ; but his mother could not be persuaded that it was true ; and seeing that he went almost every day a - hunting , and that he always had some
eng	i'm too lazy to do my homework .
eng	i wonder if she will recognize
eng	me after all those years .
eng	the queen spoke several times to her son , to learn after what manner he was passing his time , and told him that in this he ought in duty to satisfy her . but he never dared to trust her with his
eng	what . . . you still don't know how to drive ?
eng	some years ago , learning that one had
eng	tuberculosis amounted to hearing a sentence of death .
eng	some few days afterward she went thither herself , and said to her head cook : — " i intend to eat little dawn for my dinner to - morrow . " " o ! madam ! " cried the head cook . " i will have it
eng	have you got a beard already ?
eng	years ago , she used to hang
eng	around with a bunch of bikers .
eng	the poor man , knowing very well that he must not play tricks with ogresses , took his great knife and went up into little dawn's chamber . she was then nearly four years old , and came up to him
eng	, jumping and laughing , to put her arms round his neck , and ask him for some sugar - candy . upon which he began to weep , the great knife fell out of his hand , and he went into the back yard and
eng	i feel that i am free .
eng	you might have to eat those
eng	words a few years from now .
eng	" no , no , madam , " cried the poor chief cook , all in tears ; " you shall not die , and you shall see your children again at once . but then you must go home with me to my lodgings , where i have
eng	freedom is not free .
eng	how early do i have to make
eng	a reservation to qualify for the discount ?
eng	one evening , as she was , according to her custom , rambling round about the courts and yards of the palace to see if she could smell any fresh meat , she heard , in a room on the ground floor ,
eng	i created a shortcut on the desktop .
eng	can you hike for days in
eng	the wilderness without seeing anyone ?
eng	the ogress knew the voice of the queen and her children at once , and being furious at having been thus deceived , she gave orders ( in a most horrible voice which made everybody tremble ) that ,
eng	next morning by break of day , they should bring into the middle of the great court a large tub filled with toads , vipers , snakes , and all sorts of serpents , in order to have the queen and her
eng	i want an mp3 player !
eng	if i've told you once ,
eng	i've told you a thousand times .
eng	no one dared to tell him , when the ogress , all enraged to see what had happened , threw herself head foremost into the tub , and was instantly devoured by the ugly creatures she had ordered to be
eng	while eating a pizza he was annoying his sister .
eng	having heard it so many times , i
eng	can recite the poem by heart now .
eng	then she began to say “youth , o most worthy to be thought a god , if you are a god , you must be cupid , or , if you are mortal , whoever engendered you is blessed , and any brother of yours is happy
eng	, any sister fortunate , if you have sisters , and even the nurse who suckled you at her breast . but far beyond them , and far more blessed is she , if there is a she , promised to you , whom you
eng	what ? ! you ate my chocolate bear ? !
eng	having failed many times , he
eng	never gave up the plan .
eng	all nature joined in rejoicing at the springtide , and daphnis and chloe , young and susceptible as they were , imitated whatever they saw or heard . hearing the carols of the birds , they sang ;
eng	at sight of the playful skipping of the lambs they danced ; and in imitation of the bees they gathered flowers , some of which they placed in their bosoms , whilst with others they wove chaplets which
eng	where are you ?
eng	having lost the game over and over
eng	again , he finally gave in .
eng	their sports were of a childish , pastoral character ; chloe would neglect her flock to roam in search of day - lilies , the stalks of which she twisted into traps for locusts ; while daphnis often
eng	he will make you eat dirt .
eng	having visited rome many times ,
eng	he knows about it well .
eng	about twenty - four miles from mitylene a rich man had an estate , none finer than which could be found in all the surrounding country . the neighbouring woods abounded with game , the fields yielded
eng	he's got a face like a month of wet sundays .
eng	many animals that lived thousands of
eng	years ago are now extinct .
eng	from time to time she fell into a sort of reverie , and when she was quite alone she would reason thus : " i am ill , and yet i do not know my complaint . i suffer , and yet i bear no wound . i feel
eng	afflicted , and yet i have not lost any one of my sheep . i burn , although i am seated in the deep shade . how many times have the brambles torn my skin and yet i did not cry ? how many bees have
eng	you piss me off !
eng	thousands of people were milling
eng	around in the square .
eng	now , one day daphnis — it was written that he also should experience the torments of love — quarrelled with dorcon . they disputed as to which of them was the better - looking of the two , and it
eng	no way !
eng	thousands of americans have a hard time
eng	keeping the wolf from the door .
eng	his herd was forgotten ; his pipe lay uncared for on the ground ; his head was bowed like a flower that droops over its stalk ; he was consumed by inward fire , parched like the grass in the hot weather
eng	it's a dead end .
eng	as the centuries went by and england became more crowded
eng	, the people found their food supply a great problem .
eng	he promised that , if he were so happy as to obtain her as his wife , he was prepared to offer him the handsomest gifts which a herdsman could bestow — a yoke of oxen fit for the plough , four hives
eng	i don't necessarily trust translations .
eng	how many staff members
eng	filed to change departments ?
eng	dryas was almost tempted by this display of friendship and these splendid promises to give his assent to the marriage ; but on the other hand he reflected that the girl seemed destined for a higher
eng	connection , and he feared that he might find himself in an irremediable difficulty should the maiden ever be identified and her parents learn that he had married her to a man of such low condition
eng	to share one's passion is to live it fully .
eng	how many people do you think
eng	have an ear for music ?
eng	dorcon , being thus disappointed for the second time and having given his cheeses away to no purpose , conceived a plan of carrying off chloe by force , whenever he might find her alone ; and having
eng	life is not long , it is wide !
eng	some brave passengers caught the pickpocket and
eng	turned him over to the police .
eng	one of his bulls , fighting in defence of the herd , had killed a large wolf with his horns ; and dorcon threw this wolf's skin over his back , so that it completely covered him , and adjusted it
eng	in such a manner that the skins of the fore legs concealed his arms and hands , while those of the hind legs hung down to his very heels . the animal's head with its widely - extended jaws cased his
eng	when i was your age , pluto was a planet .
eng	some people tried to dig the
eng	treasure out , but they couldn't .
eng	the dogs ( the guardians of the sheep and goats ) accompanied chloe , and scenting about in their usual manner they discovered dorcon who was in the act of rising up to seize their mistress . taking
eng	she is on the verge of a nervous breakdown .
eng	several people have been accused
eng	of breaking the law .
eng	dorcon , having thus been rescued from the jaws of the dogs and not , as the old adage has it , from those of the wolf , went home to nurse himself ; while daphnis and chloe were occupied until nightfall
eng	the elevators in a skyscraper are vital systems .
eng	some children brought peanut butter sandwiches ,
eng	some ham , and others cheese .
eng	daphnis , finding the warmth intolerable , plunged into the rivers ; sometimes he merely bathed , sometimes he amused himself with trying to catch the fish which slipped between his fingers and glided
eng	i usually take a shower in the evening .
eng	some of the boys are fishing
eng	and the others are swimming .
eng	when noontide drew nigh they felt more ardently in love than ever ; chloe pined and languished at the sight of daphnis's comeliness which seemed to be without flaw or blemish , and when daphnis beheld
eng	chloe in her fawn - skin and with the garland of pine - leaves about her brow holding out the bowl to him , he fancied that he beheld one of the nymphs of the grotto , and drawing near he took the
eng	he spent the evening reading a book .
eng	dozens of young people
eng	attended the demonstration .
eng	at other times he taught her to play on the pipe , and as she began to breathe into it he snatched it from her , pressed the reeds to his lips and made them sound , under pretence of teaching her
eng	if i don't do it now , i never will .
eng	dozens of houses were burned
eng	down in that big fire .
eng	daphnis , perceiving it , laid down his pipe and while he gazed on her charms , he thus sighed to himself : " what eyes are those which are now closed in sleep ! what a mouth is that which breathes
eng	so sweetly ! neither apples nor wild - flowers have so sweet a scent ! ah ! but i fear to kiss it ! her lips sting me to the heart , and like new honey drive me mad ! besides , a kiss would awaken
eng	good night . sweet dreams .
eng	she screamed with horror as someone
eng	took hold of her arm .
eng	she tended cattle and she sang so sweetly that the herds were delighted with her song , and she needed neither the crook nor the goad to manage them ; they obeyed her voice , and gazed at and listened
eng	perhaps you are right , i have been selfish .
eng	after being frightened for many hours
eng	, her mother finally saved her .
eng	such were the delights which summer brought them , but when the autumn came , and the black grapes were covered with a thick bloom , some pirates of tyre , who had put to sea in a carian barque ,
eng	everyone deserves a second chance .
eng	i have tried for hours to remember where i put
eng	my keys , but it has completely escaped me .
eng	when the pirates saw the handsome youth , who , they knew , would be a prize of greater value than all the plunder they could find in the fields , they ceased to pursue the goats or to search for
eng	what is the advantage of this technology ?
eng	" what time would you like that for
eng	? " " two o'clock would be good . "
eng	the crew and daphnis fell into the sea and came to the surface again but they had not equal chances for preservation . the pirates had their swords at their sides and their bucklers slung behind them
eng	, while their greaves reached to the middle of their legs ; whereas daphnis , as usual when he tended his herd in the plains , had not even his sandals on , and , moreover , as the season was very
eng	the headline caught my eye this morning .
eng	can you please tell me
eng	what time the train leaves ?
eng	still as he had been accustomed to swim merely in rivers he only buoyed himself up with difficulty , and his distress was great when fortunately necessity taught him what course he should adopt ;
eng	i have been told that i am pragmatic , and i am .
eng	whatever we may undertake
eng	, diligence is important .
eng	each had a separate employ — in sharpening the pruning hooks , in suspending the mill - stone for pounding the grapes , after they had been trodden underfoot , or in preparing dry osiers , stripped
eng	i'm running out of ideas .
eng	whatever you're doing , starting off
eng	on the right foot is essential .
eng	indeed , they had never passed the grotto without leaving some token of respect . in the morning when they led their flocks to pasture , and again in the evening ere they started home , they paid
eng	remember that we are all in the same boat .
eng	keep in mind that there's
eng	no royal road to anything .
eng	i was near you , when you sat beneath those beech - trees , and piped and sang the praises of your sweetheart amaryllis : i was close to the damsel , but you could not discern me . i gave her to you
eng	goodbyes are always sad .
eng	should anything arise , she
eng	will be prepared for it .
eng	with these words he sprang like a young nightingale among the myrtles , and climbing from bough to bough ascended through the foliage to the summit of a tree . i observed wings upon his shoulders
eng	don't forget about us !
eng	why am i shooting these guys ,
eng	tell me , what have they done ?
eng	" my young friends , " replied philetas , " love is a god , young , beautiful , and ever on the wing . he , therefore , rejoices in the company of youth , he is ever in search of beauty , and gives
eng	wings to the souls of his favourites . his power far exceeds that of jove . he commands the elements : he rules the stars : he governs the world : and even the gods themselves are more obedient to
eng	time has passed very fast .
eng	several cottages have been isolated
eng	by the flood water .
eng	i loved amaryllis . i forgot to eat or to drink ; and i could take no rest , for sleep was banished from my eyelids . my soul was sad , my heart beat quick , my limbs felt a deadly chill . now i wept
eng	which is your luggage ?
eng	having failed several times , he
eng	tried to do it again .
eng	philetas said that they who are smitten by love , become sad ; so are we sad : — that they care neither for food nor drink ; nor do we : — that they cannot sleep ; nor can we : — that they burn ;
eng	and we feel a fire within us : — that they are always desirous of each other's company ; and all we long for is that daylight may soon return . so our disorder must be love , and we have learnt to
eng	the entrée includes a beverage .
eng	what you're talking about is more
eng	important than how you say it .
eng	when the methymnaeans found themselves thus deprived of their barque , and of all the property which it contained , they inquired for the goatherd , and finding him to be daphnis , they began to strip
eng	i suggest that we go out on friday .
eng	you have to read between the lines
eng	to get the most out of anything .
eng	but this decision failed to content the methymnaeans , who , in a great fury , seized daphnis and would have bound him , had not the villagers , irritated at such behaviour , sprung upon them as thick
eng	that way i kill two birds with one stone .
eng	you should make sure of the
eng	facts before you write something .
eng	here she entreated them , if they had any respect for the deities of the place , to spare her and her flocks : but her prayers were of no avail : for the methymnaeans , after insulting the statues
eng	do you have professional experience ?
eng	no matter what he plays on
eng	the screen , tom looks great .
eng	having beheld this vision and heard these words daphnis sprang up , and , with his eyes full of tears , partly of grief and partly of delight , he paid his adorations to the nymphs , and vowed that
eng	how much do you leave for a tip in spain ?
eng	i wonder what they have in store
eng	for us under the big top ?
eng	the sheep without stumbling descended the plank , which was placed as a gangway to the shore ; and the goats , accustomed to steep places , skipped yet more boldly along . upon reaching the land they
eng	all formed in a ring around chloe , like a chorus of dancers , skipping and bleating and exhibiting every symptom of joy ; whereas the flocks of other shepherds remained quiet in the holds of the
eng	who painted this painting ?
eng	my view is different from his
eng	as to what should be done .
eng	meanwhile still stranger sights appeared by sea and land . before the crews had time to heave their anchors , the ships of themselves made sail , and a dolphin , leaping and sporting on the waves
eng	, swam before the commander's ship as a guide ; whilst on shore chloe's goats and sheep were led along by the sweet music of the pipe , which continued sounding deliciously , though the player was
eng	at this hour , there is incredible traffic .
eng	and whatsoever ye do , do it heartily ,
eng	as to the lord , and not unto men .
eng	at length the rowers passed out of sight , and all became silent : not a sound was to be heard from the sea or from the valley : whereupon chloe inquired of daphnis whether there was another sea behind
eng	we men are used to waiting for the women .
eng	no matter what you do ,
eng	you must follow the correct order .
eng	during the summer chloe had many suitors , who came to dryas and begged his daughter in marriage . some brought presents to add weight to their suit , and some made great promises . nape was elated
eng	and advised her husband to marry off chloe immediately , and not to keep a girl of her age any longer at home , observing that some artful shepherd might entice her whilst she was tending her flocks
eng	aren't you ashamed to talk like that ?
eng	you should make as much effort
eng	as possible in whatever you do .
eng	it occurred to him that he might endeavour to persuade chloe's father to receive him as her suitor , flattering himself that he was far superior to her other admirers . but there was one obstacle
eng	he's argentinean and he gives tennis lessons .
eng	not knowing what to do ,
eng	i called my mother for advice .
eng	the boat belonging to the young men of methymna , whose withe of osiers was eaten by your goats , was carried far out to sea by the violence of the gale , but at night the wind shifted and blew towards
eng	please , can you indicate this to me on the map ?
eng	my view was different from his
eng	as to what should be done .
eng	on these grounds , alone , i think i may claim a preference to other suitors , and none of their gifts shall exceed mine . they may offer goats and sheep , or a yoke of wretched oxen , or corn that
eng	the tap is running .
eng	please telephone me when you have made up
eng	your mind what you want to do .
eng	one apple - tree had been stripped ; its branches were bare , every leaf was torn off , and all the fruit had been gathered except a single apple , which grew upon the top of the highest branch .
eng	please tell us where there is a grocery store .
eng	i have a very vague idea
eng	of what you are talking about .
eng	had any stranger passed by he would have wept also ; for the whole flower garden was wrecked ; naught remained but trampled mould and remnants of plants , with here and there some solitary flower
eng	i am four months pregnant .
eng	reflect on your own motives
eng	when making a decision .
eng	and indeed , not only upon that day but during the remainder of their lives , did daphnis and chloe lead a pastoral life , gathering together large herds and flocks , paying especial worship to the
eng	i've got a pacemaker .
eng	because of some technical problem , a movie
eng	was shown in place of the announced program .
eng	at tatoeba it is necessary that all sentences are equivalent and natural . therefore , for example , a french translation of an english sentence should not only be faithful , in order to be useful
eng	i would like batteries for this device .
eng	what is most important is your
eng	strong will to master english .
eng	in 1543 , polish astronomer nicolaus copernicus developed the mathematics of the sun - centered solar system and caused a great shift in scientists' view of the universe . his work led to the recognition
eng	can i pay by credit card ?
eng	i love to jog more than
eng	anything else in the world .
eng	let's begin with capitalism , a word that has gone largely out of fashion . the approved reference now is to the market system . this shift minimizes — indeed , deletes — the role of wealth in the
eng	economic and social system . and it sheds the adverse connotation going back to marx . instead of the owners of capital or their attendants in control , we have the admirably impersonal role of market
eng	cut , wash and dry , please .
eng	the one resource more precious
eng	than any other was land .
eng	despite a flattering supposition to the contrary , people come readily to terms with power . there is little reason to think that the power of the great bankers , while they were assumed to have it
eng	, was much resented . but as the ghosts of numerous tyrants , from julius caesar to benito mussolini will testify , people are very hard on those who , having had power , lose it or are destroyed
eng	i feed my cat every morning and every evening .
eng	you must , above all ,
eng	be faithful to your friends .
eng	regulatory bodies , like the people who comprise them , have a marked life cycle . in youth they are vigorous , aggressive , evangelistic , and even intolerant . later they mellow , and in old age
eng	could you please repeat that ?
eng	first of all , he is
eng	very worried about his daughter's health .
eng	the positions of eminence and authority in congress are allotted in accordance with length of service , regardless of quality . superficial observers have long criticized the united states for making
eng	you will find this in a hardware store .
eng	it is no use your
eng	pretending that you know nothing .
eng	people of privilege will always risk their complete destruction rather than surrender any material part of their advantage . intellectual myopia , often called stupidity , is no doubt a reason . but
eng	the privileged also feel that their privileges , however egregious they may seem to others , are a solemn , basic , god - given right . the sensitivity of the poor to injustice is a trivial thing
eng	every effort deserves a reward .
eng	there's nothing to do , so i
eng	may as well go to bed .
eng	these dreamers are americans in their hearts , in their minds , in every single way but one : on paper . they were brought to this country by their parents , sometimes even as infants . they may not
eng	it costs an arm and a leg .
eng	you can wear my scarf as long
eng	as you don't spill anything on it .
eng	and because it made no sense to expel talented , driven , patriotic young people from the only country they know solely because of the actions of their parents , my administration acted to lift the
eng	i need your advice .
eng	before everything you should take
eng	better care of your health .
eng	what makes us american is not a question of what we look like , or where our names come from , or the way we pray . what makes us american is our fidelity to a set of ideals – that all of us are created
eng	equal ; that all of us deserve the chance to make of our lives what we will ; that all of us share an obligation to stand up , speak out , and secure our most cherished values for the next generation
eng	any chance you know where i put my keys ?
eng	what thought do you think had the biggest
eng	impact on the english in the middle ages ?
eng	ida was the second asteroid to be observed close - up by a spacecraft , when the space probe galileo took pictures as it flew by on aug 28 , 1993 . these pictures showed not only that ida has a cratered
eng	i'm getting ready for the worst .
eng	what on earth do you want six
eng	copies of the same book for ?
eng	in 1991 , mt . pinatubo's volcanic outburst in the philippines produced the second largest eruption of the 20th century . ash from the blast was ejected as high as 21 miles above earth . particles
eng	that sounds interesting . what did you tell her ?
eng	in fact , i'll even call george at the office and
eng	tell him he ought to come home and help out .
eng	" by the way , " i asked suddenly , stopping and turning upon stamford , " how the deuce did he know that i had come from afghanistan ? " my companion smiled an enigmatical smile . " that's just
eng	i knew it was plastic but it tasted like wood .
eng	let me have your suggestion as
eng	to what i am to say .
eng	" you see , " he explained , " i consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic , and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose . a fool takes in all the lumber
eng	of every sort that he comes across , so that the knowledge which might be useful to him gets crowded out , or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things , so that he has a difficulty in laying
eng	his hands upon it . now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his brain attic . he will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing his work , but of these
eng	he has a large assortment , and all in the most perfect order . it is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and can distend to any extent . depend upon it there comes a time when
eng	take good care of yourself .
eng	boy , did she have egg on her face when
eng	she showed up at the formal party wearing blue jeans !
eng	here in london we have lots of government detectives and lots of private ones . when these fellows are at fault , they come to me , and i manage to put them on the right scent . they lay all the evidence
eng	can i stay at your place ? i have nowhere to go .
eng	we must prevent the fire from
eng	reaching the gunpowder at any cost .
eng	" have you read gaboriau's works ? " i asked . " does lecoq come up to your idea of a detective ? " sherlock holmes sniffed sardonically . " lecoq was a miserable bungler , " he said , in an angry
eng	a known mistake is better than an unknown truth .
eng	i was determined to fulfill
eng	my duties at any cost .
eng	it was not done by a german . the a , if you noticed , was printed somewhat after the german fashion . now a real german invariably prints in the latin character , so that we may safely say that this
eng	life is not an exact science , it is an art .
eng	you should struggle very hard
eng	to make this program work .
eng	" old woman be damned ! " said sherlock holmes , sharply . " we were the old women to be so taken in . it must have been a young man , and an active one , too , besides being an incomparable actor
eng	hope is not a strategy .
eng	after all , their form of
eng	transport produces no pollution at all .
eng	the daily telegraph remarked that in the history of crime there had seldom been a tragedy which presented stranger features . the german name of the victim , the absence of all other motive , and
eng	they are waiting for you in front of the door .
eng	it's to your advantage to
eng	learn everything you can .
eng	a milk boy , passing on his way to the dairy , happened to walk down the lane which leads from the mews at the back of the hotel . he noticed that a ladder , which usually lay there , was raised against
eng	one of the windows of the second floor , which was wide open . after passing , he looked back and saw a man descend the ladder . he came down so quietly and openly that the boy imagined him to be
eng	do you have a pen on you ?
eng	you can't hope to have
eng	your own way in everything .
eng	" all this seems strange to you , " continued holmes , " because you failed at the beginning of the inquiry to grasp the importance of the single real clue which was presented to you . i had the
eng	whose is this ?
eng	i'm sure people would live twice as long if
eng	they stopped getting themselves worked up over everything .
eng	this murder would have been infinitely more difficult to unravel had the body of the victim been simply found lying in the roadway without any of those outré and sensational accompaniments which have
eng	it's a good deal .
eng	i don't care what you say
eng	. it's not going to happen !
eng	in the central portion of the great north american continent there lies an arid and repulsive desert , which for many a long year served as a barrier against the advance of civilization . from the
eng	pick up your things and go away .
eng	give me a break . if you have something
eng	to say , stop making faces and say it .
eng	it has been said there is nothing appertaining to life upon the broad plain . that is hardly true . looking down from the sierra blanco , one sees a pathway traced out across the desert , which winds
eng	away and is lost in the extreme distance . it is rutted with wheels and trodden down by the feet of many adventurers . here and there there are scattered white objects which glisten in the sun , and
eng	stand out against the dull deposit of alkali . approach and examine them ! they are bones : some large and coarse , others smaller and more delicate . the former have belonged to oxen , and the latter
eng	put your hands down !
eng	because the store is so small , he has to
eng	wear many different hats , from accountant to stock boy .
eng	in the blue vault of the heaven there had appeared three little specks which increased in size every moment , so rapidly did they approach . they speedily resolved themselves into three large brown
eng	birds , which circled over the heads of the two wanderers , and then settled upon some rocks which overlooked them . they were buzzards , the vultures of the west , whose coming is the forerunner
eng	he laughs best who laughs last .
eng	he says " want " when he wants something
eng	, and " no " when he does not .
eng	" say , did god make this country ? " " of course he did , " said her companion , rather startled by this unexpected question . " he made the country down in illinois , and he made the missouri ,
eng	the sooner , the better .
eng	if you have some troubles ,
eng	i recommend you confer with him .
eng	side by side on the narrow shawl knelt the two wanderers , the little prattling child and the reckless , hardened adventurer . her chubby face and his haggard , angular visage were both turned up
eng	to the cloudless heaven in heartfelt entreaty to that dread being with whom they were face to face , while the two voices — the one thin and clear , the other deep and harsh — united in the entreaty
eng	he doesn't look his age .
eng	time will pass quite quickly
eng	when you read something .
eng	he watched over her slumber for some time , but nature proved to be too strong for him . for three days and three nights he had allowed himself neither rest nor repose . slowly the eyelids drooped
eng	over the tired eyes , and the head sunk lower and lower upon the breast , until the man's grizzled beard was mixed with the gold tresses of his companion , and both slept the same deep and dreamless
eng	do you like rap ?
eng	whatever happens , i'll stick to
eng	my principles to the bitter end .
eng	in a new report , the who noted that cardiovascular and chronic respiratory diseases , cancers and diabetes are the biggest killers of people . every year , the report said , 15 million adults die
eng	i love trips .
eng	he's given to going overboard every
eng	time he gets a new idea .
eng	many a wayfarer upon the high road which ran by ferrier's farm felt long - forgotten thoughts revive in their minds as they watched her lithe , girlish figure tripping through the wheat - fields ,
eng	i really wasn't expecting that from you .
eng	if something goes wrong , you
eng	should attend to it at once .
eng	still more surprised was he on entering to find two young men in possession of his sitting - room . one , with a long pale face , was leaning back in the rocking - chair , with his feet cocked up
eng	i've been waiting for hours .
eng	he did not understand what was in
eng	the way of his success in life .
eng	in every direction the great snow - capped peaks hemmed them in , peeping over each other's shoulders to the far horizon . so steep were the rocky banks on either side of them that the larch and the
eng	he died at a very old age .
eng	if something does happen , i'll
eng	just play it by ear .
eng	most people , if you describe a train of events to them , will tell you what the result would be . they can put those events together in their minds , and argue from them that something will come
eng	to pass . there are few people , however , who , if you told them a result , would be able to evolve from their own inner consciousness what the steps were which led up to that result . this power
eng	he's an old timer .
eng	wire me at once , in
eng	case there should be an accident .
eng	understood in its totality , the spectacle is both the result and the goal of the dominant mode of production . it is not a mere decoration added to the real world . it is the very heart of this real
eng	society's unreality . in all of its particular manifestations — news , propaganda , advertising , entertainment — the spectacle represents the dominant model of life . it is the omnipresent affirmation
eng	of the choices that have already been made in the sphere of production and in the consumption implied by that production . in both form and content the spectacle serves as a total justification of
eng	the conditions and goals of the existing system . the spectacle also represents the constant presence of this justification since it monopolizes the majority of the time spent outside the production
eng	that's the snag .
eng	i will be able to see you
eng	tomorrow unless something unexpected turns up .
eng	when we plant rice , grass grows too , but when we plant grass , it never grows rice . as we're doing " good " things sometimes " bad " things are participating . however , while we're doing " disadvantages
eng	i don't know him .
eng	i think there has
eng	been some misunderstanding here .
eng	of these people , the belgae are the bravest , because they are the farthest from the culture and civilization of the province , and merchants visit them the least often and bring in such things that
eng	i liked this film .
eng	if you have something to say ,
eng	say it now or pipe down .
eng	in the family , one can find an uncle and an aunt , a mother and a father , a son and a daughter , a grandson and a granddaughter , as well as a brother and a sister , the father's uncle or the mother's
eng	she's rolling in money .
eng	as soon as we find out
eng	anything , we will contact him .
eng	all of germania is separated from the gauls , raetians and pannonians by the rivers rhine and danube , and from the sarmatians and dacians by mutual awe or mountains : the ocean surrounds the rest
eng	it's not important .
eng	i had a feeling that
eng	something dreadful was happening .
eng	we remarked with pain that the indecent foreign dance called the waltz was introduced ( we believe for the first time ) at the english court on friday last . . . it is quite sufficient to cast one's
eng	eyes on the voluptuous intertwining of the limbs and close compressure on the bodies in their dance , to see that it is indeed far removed from the modest reserve which has hitherto been considered
eng	distinctive of english females . so long as this obscene display was confined to prostitutes and adulteresses , we did not think it deserving of notice ; but now that it is attempted to be forced
eng	i don't care .
eng	i have a feeling that something
eng	dreadful is going to happen .
eng	the free access which many young people have to romances , novels , and plays has poisoned the mind and corrupted the morals of many a promising youth ; and prevented others from improving their minds
eng	in useful knowledge . parents take care to feed their children with wholesome diet ; and yet how unconcerned about the provision for the mind , whether they are furnished with salutary food , or with
eng	i was about to go out when the phone rang .
eng	no matter what happens , i
eng	will never change my mind .
eng	never has youth been exposed to such dangers of both perversion and arrest as in our own land and day . increasing urban life with its temptations , prematurities , sedentary occupations , and passive
eng	stimuli just when an active life is most needed , early emancipation and a lessening sense for both duty and discipline , the haste to know and do all befitting man's estate before its time , the
eng	speech is silver , but silence is golden .
eng	he told me that whatever might happen
eng	, he was prepared for it .
eng	a pernicious excitement to learn and play chess has spread all over the country , and numerous clubs for practicing this game have been formed in cities and villages . . . chess is a mere amusement
eng	of a very inferior character , which robs the mind of valuable time that might be devoted to nobler acquirements , while it affords no benefit whatever to the body . chess has acquired a high reputation
eng	as being a means to discipline the mind , but persons engaged in sedentary occupations should never practice this cheerless game ; they require out - door exercises - - not this sort of mental gladiatorship
eng	i don't like these remarks .
eng	whatever happens , please remember
eng	i'll stand by you .
eng	when in these fresh mornings i go into my garden before anyone is awake , i go for the time being into perfect happiness . in this hour divinely fresh and still , the fair face of every flower salutes
eng	i'm not convinced at all .
eng	had he known what was about to happen
eng	, he would have changed his plan .
eng	more rapid than eagles his coursers they came , and he whistled , and shouted , and called them by name : " now , dasher ! now , dancer ! now , prancer and vixen ! on , comet ! on , cupid ! on , donder
eng	why do you want to leave today ?
eng	had they known what was about to happen
eng	, they would have changed their plans .
eng	we come from hundreds of ethnic and language backgrounds , yet we are united by common goals . above all , we want to honor jehovah , the god of the bible and the creator of all things . we do our
eng	best to imitate jesus christ and are proud to be called christians . each of us regularly spends time helping people learn about the bible and god’s kingdom . because we witness , or talk , about
eng	i'm going to take my car .
eng	you must persevere before you
eng	can accomplish anything great .
eng	" hello ? mom ? " " yes , sami . " " is dad home ? " " yes . " " can i talk to him ? " " he's taking a shower . " " mom ? " " yes , sweetheart . " " i have something important to tell you . it's
eng	very important . " " yes ? " " you need to be very strong , ok ? " " yes , what is it ? " " something terrible happened to farid . " " what ? ! " " mom ? hello ? are you still there ? " " oh , my
eng	it's too good to be true .
eng	you don't seem to understand how difficult it is
eng	for young people today to believe in something .
eng	then she went on a little bit farther , and came to an apple - tree , so loaded with fruit that its branches were breaking down , and the tree said , " little girl , little girl , help me shake my
eng	better late than never .
eng	to record something , they used knotted cords made
eng	of the wool of the llama or alpaca .
eng	if the teacher is to plan out a vacation or something similar requiring one to compare prices and figure out what it would cost , it is the pupils' skills he would exploit . sometimes , the wife may
eng	be wishing for a new fruit bowl , or perhaps the husband is looking for a new letter opener . many have sons that require a short bedside story or daughters with dolls that must be clad in clothing
eng	like father , like son .
eng	if you say that you cannot help doing something
eng	, you mean you cannot prevent or avoid it .
eng	for a long time after it was ushered into this world of sorrow and trouble , by the parish surgeon , it remained a matter of considerable doubt whether the child would survive to bear any name at
eng	all ; in which case it is somewhat more than probable that these memoirs would never have appeared ; or , if they had , that being comprised within a couple of pages , they would have possessed the
eng	the early bird catches the worm .
eng	before buying anything , you had better ask
eng	yourself whether you cannot do without it .
eng	our father in the heavens , your name shall be holy . thy kingdom come . may your will be done on earth as it is done in heaven . please give us our daily bread today as well . please forgive us our
eng	in life there are ups and downs .
eng	the doctors said he would never again
eng	be able to walk without some support .
eng	the mission of operation icebridge is to collect data on changing polar ice and maintain continuity of measurements between icesat missions . the original icesat mission launched in 2003 and ended
eng	in 2009 , and its successor , icesat - 2 , is scheduled for launch in late 2018 . operation icebridge began in 2009 and is currently planned to continue until 2020 so it to overlaps with icesat -
eng	all cats are grey in the dark .
eng	complaining about something is one way to
eng	adapt yourself to a new environment .
eng	nasa’s magnetospheric multiscale mission , or mms , launched in 2015 , uses four identical spacecraft flying in a pyramid formation to take a three - dmms , launched in 2015 , uses four identical
eng	teach me how you do it .
eng	i saw something very bright
eng	fly across the night sky .
eng	inside the magnetosphere , the density of the space plasma — charged particles , like electrons and ions — is much lower than the plasma outside , where the solar wind prevails . the boundary , called
eng	no news is good news .
eng	if there is anything you want
eng	, don't hesitate to ask me .
eng	the asteroid , named ‘oumuamua by its discoverers , is up to one - quarter mile ( 400 meters ) long and highly - elongated — perhaps 10 times as long as it is wide . that is unlike any asteroid or
eng	i was expecting it !
eng	be sure to get in touch with me ,
eng	if there is anything i can do for you .
eng	many people in the president’s inner circle — both those inside his white house and , perhaps even more so , the outside advisors — lie really frequently . the liars who surround the president are
eng	i don't expect anything from you .
eng	don't you smell something burning
eng	in the next room ?
eng	over the course of one solar cycle ( one 11 - year period ) , the sun’s emitted energy varies on average at about 0 . 1 percent . that may not sound like a lot , but the sun emits a large amount of
eng	wait in the waiting room .
eng	it's no good waiting for something to happen
eng	; you must take action at once .
eng	“whales and dolphins have always been mythical emblems for us , ” said desray reeb , a marine biologist at boem’s headquarters in sterling , virginia . “they’re intelligent , social and mystical ,
eng	people who will lie for you , will lie to you .
eng	something happened and he
eng	couldn't keep his promise .
eng	inside the magnetosphere , the density of the space plasma — charged particles , like electrons and ions — is much lower than the plasma outside , where the solar wind prevails . the boundary , called
eng	there's no doubt .
eng	i told her that if i could be of
eng	any use i would be glad to help .
eng	we found that mars’ magnetic tail , or magnetotail , is unique in the solar system . it’s not like the magnetotail found at venus , a planet with no magnetic field of its own , nor is it like earth’s
eng	there isn't any solution .
eng	if you find an interesting book
eng	, please buy it for me .
eng	salmon and steelhead start their lives in freshwater streams and tributaries . they then migrate downstream , rearing and maturing , before they reach the ocean . they live in the ocean for 2 to 5
eng	i didn't know he drank so much .
eng	you should put something in
eng	your stomach before you go .
eng	threats to marine bird populations worldwide include competition for food with fisheries ; entanglement in fishing gear ; ingestion of marine debris and disturbance of roosting and breeding birds
eng	it's well done .
eng	press the red button
eng	if something strange happens .
eng	but it was not the sight of her body , nor yet was it that of the body of hugo baskerville lying near her , which raised the hair upon the heads of these three dare - devil roysterers , but it was
eng	do you want fruit juice ?
eng	what are you laughing at ?
eng	it's a fact . no kidding !
eng	i knew that seclusion and solitude were very necessary for my friend in those hours of intense mental concentration during which he weighed every particle of evidence , constructed alternative theories
eng	he's a good person .
eng	i had a hunch something
eng	pleasant was going to happen .
eng	somewhere there , on that desolate plain , was lurking this fiendish man , hiding in a burrow like a wild beast , his heart full of malignancy against the whole race which had cast him out . it needed
eng	do as you want .
eng	i will be glad , if i
eng	can be of any service to you .
eng	with rows of flaring torches to light it up , and the colour and rude hilarity of an old - time banquet , the dining room might have softened ; but now , when two black - clothed gentlemen sat in
eng	enjoy your meal !
eng	i am wondering if i could
eng	be of any service to you .
eng	scarcely out of sight of the land of sicily , they joyfully set sail on the deep , rushing into the salt spray with their bronze - capped prows , when juno , cherishing her eternal wound in her breast
eng	there's no love without jealousy .
eng	please tell me what happened off
eng	the record , of course .
eng	he is much attached to his sister , no doubt , and would lead a lonely life without her , but it would seem the height of selfishness if he were to stand in the way of her making so brilliant a marriage
eng	no love is foul nor prison fair .
eng	if it were to rain tomorrow
eng	, the match would be postponed .
eng	when the house is renovated and refurnished , all that he will need will be a wife to make it complete . between ourselves , there are pretty clear signs that this will not be wanting if the lady
eng	there was not a bloody soul .
eng	if you were to win the lottery ,
eng	what would you buy with the money ?
eng	the greater part of the letter was charred to pieces , but one little slip , the end of a page , hung together , and the writing could still be read , though it was grey on a black ground . it seemed
eng	to us to be a postscript at the end of the letter , and it said : ‘please , please , as you are a gentleman , burn this letter , and be at the gate by ten o’clock . ’ beneath it were signed the initials
eng	we are cut from the same cloth .
eng	were the earth to stop revolving ,
eng	what do you suppose would happen ?
eng	since the tragic upshot of our visit to devonshire he had been engaged in two affairs of the utmost importance , in the first of which he had exposed the atrocious conduct of colonel upwood in connection
eng	with the famous card scandal of the nonpareil club , while in the second he had defended the unfortunate mme . montpensier from the charge of murder which hung over her in connection with the death
eng	the walls have ears .
eng	if the sun were to rise in the
eng	west , i wouldn't change my mind .
eng	" he said that there were no traces upon the ground round the body . he did not observe any . but i did — some little distance off , but fresh and clear . ” “footprints ? ” “footprints . ” “a man’s
eng	i've got a frog in my throat .
eng	if i were to be born again
eng	, i would be a musician .
eng	" well , in the first place , i don't think my ideal would speak like that , " said she . " he would be a harder , sterner man , not so ready to adapt himself to a silly girl's whim . but , above
eng	make yourself at home .
eng	if i were to tell you the
eng	truth , you would be surprised .
eng	this opening chapter will seem to the reader to have nothing to do with my narrative ; and yet there would have been no narrative without it , for it is only when a man goes out into the world with
eng	the thought that there are heroisms all round him , and with the desire all alive in his heart to follow any which may come within sight of him , that he breaks away as i did from the life he knows
eng	why aren't you coming with us ?
eng	if i should be late getting home
eng	, please don't wait up for me .
eng	" do you think , sir , that you could possibly send me on some mission for the paper ? i would do my best to put it through and get you some good copy . " " what sort of mission had you in your mind
eng	i can't say the opposite .
eng	if we were to live on the moon
eng	, how large would the earth look ?
eng	those indignant winds grumble with a loud murmuring around the confines of the mountain ; aeolus sits in his high citadel , holding his scepter , and he soothes their spirits and tempers their rages
eng	don't listen to him , he's talking nonsense .
eng	if i were you , i would
eng	go home and take a good rest .
eng	to solve the problem of palestine it would be necessary for the palestinians to abandon the so - called palestinian authority and unite around a common political front to defend the rights of all
eng	palestinians , including the refugees and their descendants who want to return to palestine . it would also be necessary for them to definitively abandon the so - called " two - state solution , "
eng	which in my opinion is very similar to the racist solution to south africa that consisted of dividing south africa into territories for white people and into territories supposedly " autonomous "
eng	i don't want it anymore .
eng	even if i grant that what you say
eng	is true , it is no excuse .
eng	the famous white - sand beaches of hawaii , for example , actually come from the poop of parrotfish . the fish bite and scrape algae off of rocks and dead corals with their parrot - like beaks , grind
eng	he came several times .
eng	granted that you are right , we
eng	still have to persuade him first .
eng	the primary culprits in eutrophication appear to be excess nitrogen and phosphorus — from sources including fertilizer runoff and septic system effluent to atmospheric fallout from burning fossil
eng	we wonder why .
eng	if he wants to succeed at
eng	all , he must work harder .
eng	aeolus spoke thus in reply : " it is yours , o queen , to express what you wish ; my task is to obey your commands . you grant me control over this kingdom , such as it is , the scepters and jupiter
eng	we must think about friends .
eng	whatever is worth doing at all
eng	, is worth doing well .
eng	some speculate that unknown and mysterious forces account for the unexplained disappearances within the bermuda triangle , such as extraterrestrials capturing humans for study ; the influence of the
eng	i'm going to take a bath .
eng	suppose that pigeons have something in their
eng	heads which can feel the power lines .
eng	more than 250 fish species use the chesapeake bay and tributaries for some portion of their life cycles , including american and hickory shad , river herring , striped bass , eel , weakfish , bluefish
eng	we left by train .
eng	if i were to tell you the
eng	whole truth , you would be amazed .
eng	while there are many different types of algae found floating in the ocean all around world , the sargasso sea is unique in that it harbors species of sargassum that are holopelagic . this means that
eng	if you eat too much , you'll become fat .
eng	if ufos were to attack the earth
eng	, what would become of us ?
eng	sea level rise at specific locations may be more or less than the global average due to many local factors : subsidence , upstream flood control , erosion , regional ocean currents , variations in
eng	i don't know if he would have done it for me .
eng	chemical products account for approximately two
eng	- thirds of our exports .
eng	scientists are now using a genetic approach to estimate the ages of corals . the method determines when a coral egg and sperm originally met to form the genome of a coral colony . the researchers
eng	then track the number of mutations that have accumulated in the genome since that time . because mutations tend to arise at a relatively constant rate , researchers can estimate the approximate age
eng	would you like to come ?
eng	chemical companies are waiting until
eng	everything dies down before reinvesting .
eng	most structures that we call " coral " are , in fact , made up of hundreds to thousands of tiny coral creatures called polyps . each soft - bodied polyp — most no thicker than a nickel — secretes
eng	i knew he would accept .
eng	i would like to consider the implications we can
eng	draw from the application of emmet's theory to chemistry .
eng	in the case of stony or hard corals , these polyp conglomerates grow , die , and endlessly repeat the cycle over time , slowly laying the limestone foundation for coral reefs and giving shape to the
eng	she would willingly come but she was on vacation .
eng	did you do your homework ? the
eng	meeting is only two days away .
eng	when a coral egg and sperm join together as an embryo , they develop into a coral larva , called a planula . planulae float in the ocean , some for days and some for weeks , before dropping to the
eng	i thought it was true .
eng	we wish to advise you
eng	of the following price reductions .
eng	known to sailors around the world as the doldrums , the inter - tropical convergence zone ( itcz ) is a belt around the earth extending approximately five degrees north and south of the equator .
eng	this is the town i told you about .
eng	simply follow the instructions below , and in no time you will be
eng	printing full color documents just as easily and quickly as black and white .
eng	in 1865 , the danish geologist and mineralogist johan georg forchhammer , with the help of naval and civilian collaborators , collected numerous samples of seawater from the northern atlantic and
eng	this is the boy i think about .
eng	the representative said he will
eng	put a brake on spending .
eng	some seaweeds are microscopic , such as the phytoplankton that live suspended in the water column and provide the base for most marine food chains , and some are enormous , like the giant kelp that
eng	he has been warned on several occasions .
eng	the congressmen rammed the
eng	bill through committee .
eng	beyond a wholesome discipline , be gentle with yourself . you are a child of the universe , no less than the trees and the stars ; you have a right to be here . and whether or not it is clear to you
eng	, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should . therefore be at peace with god , whatever you conceive him to be , and whatever your labors and aspirations , in the noisy confusion of life keep
eng	i have to give back the book before saturday .
eng	the musician shook his head and
eng	pushed his little piano away .
eng	" mary , history says that the roman empire had bread and circuses for the masses , but really it was a vast conspiracy by the roman oligarchy to change the very structure of latin itself . by using
eng	a method of 'pronounic decoupling' , the implicit mechanisms of latin were disengaged and its speakers were hardly ever able to understand each other . and that's why i got drunk last night , " said
eng	how can you have a laptop and not a cell phone ?
eng	a musician can appreciate
eng	small differences in sounds .
eng	from the ruins of the second world war , our nations set out to remake the world - - to build a new international order and the institutions to uphold it . a united nations to prevent another world
eng	war and advance a more just and lasting peace . international financial institutions like the world bank and international monetary fund to promote prosperity for all peoples . a universal declaration
eng	i went to drink a beer with friends .
eng	who that understands music could
eng	say his playing was good ?
eng	you may argue over whose football clubs are better , vote for different singers on eurovision . but your accomplishment - - more than 500 million people speaking 24 languages in 28 countries , 19
eng	he jumped out the window .
eng	i came to this country for
eng	the purpose of studying music .
eng	yes , these are unsettling times . and when the future is uncertain , there seems to be an instinct in our human nature to withdraw to the perceived comfort and security of our own tribe , our own
eng	sect , our own nationality , people who look like us , sound like us . but in today's world , more than any time in human history , that is a false comfort . it pits people against one another because
eng	yesterday we had fun .
eng	nobody is equal to this young
eng	woman in the field of music .
eng	so i say to you , the people of europe , don't forget who you are . you are the heirs to a struggle for freedom . you're the germans , the french , the dutch , the belgians , the luxembourgers , the
eng	they quarreled .
eng	musical talent can be developed
eng	if it's properly trained .
eng	we are fortunate to be living in the most peaceful , most prosperous , most progressive era in human history . that may surprise young people who are watching tv or looking at your phones and it seems
eng	like only bad news comes through every day . but consider that it’s been decades since the last war between major powers . more people live in democracies . we’re wealthier and healthier and better
eng	i ate caviar .
eng	who that understands music could
eng	say his playing is good ?
eng	educating girls can transform lives , families , communities , and entire countries . when girls are educated , they lead healthier and more productive lives . they gain the skills , knowledge , and
eng	he changed a lot since the last time .
eng	with regards to music , he is
eng	one of the most famous critics .
eng	permaculture ( permanent agriculture ) is the practical conscious design and maintenance of agriculturally productive ecosystems which have the diversity , stability , and resilience of natural ecosystems
eng	this knife was very useful to me .
eng	music and art can greatly contribute
eng	to the enjoyment of life .
eng	then fury spurred their courage , and behold , / as ravening wolves , when darkness hides the day , / stung with mad fire of famine uncontrolled , / prowl from their dens , and leave the whelps to
eng	stay , / with jaws athirst and gaping for the prey . / so to sure death , amid the darkness there , / where swords , and spears , and foemen bar the way , / into the centre of the town we fare . /
eng	you took the wrong key .
eng	talking of music , what kind
eng	of music do you like ?
eng	then , like wolves ravening in a black fog , whom mad malice of hunger hath driven blindly forth , and their cubs left behind await with throats unslaked ; through the weapons of the enemy we march
eng	i managed to get in .
eng	in music or speaking , a pause
eng	is frequently used for dramatic effect .
eng	o muse , assist me and inspire my song , / the various causes and the crimes relate , / for what affronted majesty , what wrong / to injured godhead , what offence so great / heaven's queen resenting
eng	, with remorseless hate , / could one renowned for piety compel / to brave such troubles , and endure the weight / of toils so many and so huge . o tell / how can in heavenly minds such fierce resentment
eng	how much is it ?
eng	were it not for music , the
eng	world would be a dull place .
eng	scarce out of sight of sicily , they set / their sails to sea , and merrily ploughed the main , / with brazen beaks , when juno , harbouring yet / within her breast the ever - ranking pain , / mused
eng	i'll bring you the bill immediately .
eng	if not for music , the
eng	world would be a dull place .
eng	him now saturnia sought , and thus in lowly strain : / " o aeolus , for jove , of human kind / and gods the sovran sire , hath given to thee / to lull the waves and lift them with the wind , / a hateful
eng	here is your change .
eng	don't make any noise or
eng	you'll scare the birds away .
eng	" o son of tydeus , bravest of the race , / why could not i have perished , too , that day / beneath thine arm , and breathed this soul away / far on the plains of troy , where hector brave / lay
eng	i'll pay by cheque .
eng	the noise grew fainter , till
eng	it was heard no more .
eng	" now , to ease thy woes , / since sorrow for his sake hath dimmed thine eyes , / more will i tell , and hidden fates disclose . / he in italia long shall battle with his foes , / and crush fierce
eng	tribes , and milder ways ordain , / and cities build and wield the latin sway , / till the third summer shall have seen him reign , / and three long winter - seasons passed away / since fierce rutulia
eng	did you leave a tip ?
eng	the sound became fainter and fainter
eng	, till at last it disappeared .
eng	" then romulus the nation's charge shall claim , / wolf - nursed and proud her tawny hide to wear , / and build a city of mavortian fame , / and make the roman race remembered by his name . / to
eng	don't forget the ticket .
eng	the thermometer is an
eng	instrument for measuring temperature .
eng	" then wars shall cease and savage times grow mild , / and remus and quirinus , brethren twain , / with hoary faith and vesta undefiled , / shall give the law . with iron bolt and chain / firm -
eng	closed the gates of janus shall remain . / within , the fiend of discord , high reclined / on horrid arms , unheeded in the fane , / bound with a hundred brazen knots behind , / and grim with gory
eng	i'm sorry , i don't have change .
eng	it is difficult to adapt oneself
eng	to sudden changes of temperature .
eng	but good aeneas , pondering through the night / distracting thoughts and many an anxious care , / resolved , when daybreak brought the gladsome light , / to search the coast , and back sure tidings
eng	the situation is worse than we believed .
eng	many plants and crops grow here
eng	thanks to the mild climate .
eng	when lo , before him in the wood appears / his mother , in a virgin's arms arrayed , / in form and habit of a spartan maid , / or like harpalyce , the pride of thrace , / who tires swift steeds ,
eng	we have to expect the worst .
eng	they say you should consult the past if you want to learn
eng	about the future . history has a lot to teach us .
eng	" but who are ye , pray answer ? on what quest / come ye ? and whence and whither are ye bound ? " / her then aeneas , from his inmost breast / heaving a deep - drawn sigh , with labouring speech
eng	they don't even know why .
eng	the wholesalers might try to
eng	back out of the deal .
eng	as bees in early summer swarm apace / through flowery fields , when forth from dale and dell / they lead the full - grown offspring of the race , / or with the liquid honey store each cell , / and
eng	make the teeming hive with nectarous sweets to swell . / these ease the comers of their loads , those drive / the drones afar . the busy work each plies , / and sweet with thyme and honey smells the
eng	i want you to tell me the truth .
eng	i guess i've reached the age where i
eng	have to dispense advice to my underlings .
eng	" o happy ye , whose walls already rise ! " / exclaimed aeneas , and with envious eyes / looked up where pinnacles and roof - tops showed / the new - born city ; then in wondrous wise , / clothed
eng	you arrived at the moment i left .
eng	i will not be dictated to by
eng	some idiot in the personnel department .
eng	for while , the queen awaiting , round he gazed , / and marvelled at he happy town , and scanned / the rival labours of each craftman's hand , / behold , troy's battles on the walls appear , / the
eng	muiriel likes to annoy me lately .
eng	i'm not going to be pushed
eng	around by you or anyone else .
eng	there , ministering justice , she presides , / and deals the law , and from her throne of state , / as choice determines or as chance decides , / to each , in equal share , his separate task divides
eng	. / sudden , behold a concourse . looking down , / his late - lost friends aeneas sees again , / segestus , brave cloanthus of renown , / antheus and others of the trojan train , / whom the black
eng	it's not serious , i don't bear him a grudge .
eng	i'm not talking to you ;
eng	i'm talking to the monkey .
eng	and in the cloud unseen , / wrapt in its hollow covering , they abide / and note what fortune did their friends betide , / and whence they come , and why for grace they sue , / and on what shore they
eng	who is coming with me ?
eng	my job search is really going rough
eng	. i don't have any connections .
eng	then , audience granted , as the fane they filled , / thus calmly spake the eldest of the train , / ilioneus : " o queen , whom jove hath willed / to found this new - born city , here to reign , /
eng	and stubborn tribes with justice to refrain , / we , troy's poor fugitives , implore thy grace , / storm - tost and wandering over every main : / forbid the flames our vessels to deface , / mark our
eng	i want to know who is coming with us .
eng	if i were prime minister , i'd
eng	give clinton a good talking to .
eng	" would that your king aeneas here could stand , / driven by the gale that drove you to this strand ! / natheless , to scour the country , will i send / some trusty messengers , with strict command
eng	florence is the most beautiful city in italy .
eng	i have chubby fingers , so
eng	i can't use a small keyboard .
eng	then first with eager joy / " o goddess - born , " the bold achates cries , / " how now ? what purpose doth thy mind devise ? / lo ! all are safe – ships , comrades brought again ; / one only fails
eng	on your feet , children !
eng	i prefer cakes or candies to
eng	alcohol , but i do drink .
eng	and bathed in sunshine stood the chief , endowed / with shape and features most divinely bright . / for graceful tresses and the purple light / of youth did venus in her child unfold , / and sprightly
eng	i talked to friends .
eng	i'd rather go by train . i have a license , but no real
eng	driving experience , so i'm not very sure of myself behind the wheel .
eng	" thou , who alone troy's sorrows deign'st to hear , / and us , the gleanings of the danaan spear , / poor world - wide wanderers and in desperate case , / has ta'en to share thy city and thy cheer
eng	the film started at 2 o'clock .
eng	lady otohime gave urashima taro
eng	a beautiful tamate - box .
eng	rich presents , too , he sends for , saved of old / from troy , a veil , whose saffron edges shone / fringed with acanthus , glorious to behold , / a broidered mantle , stiff with figures wrought
eng	this girl changed her look .
eng	any result obtained through the execution of the
eng	commissioned business shall belong to each party hereto .
eng	therewith the royal sceptre , which of yore / ilione , priam's eldest daughter , bore ; / her shining necklace , strung with costly beads , / and diadem , rimmed with gold and studded o'er / with
eng	the film lasted 2 hours .
eng	he says he must get rid of
eng	the mice that are in the attic .
eng	" take thou his likeness , only for a night , / and wear the boyish features that are thine ; / and when the queen , in rapture of delight , / amid the royal banquet and the wine , / shall lock thee
eng	i'm glad to see you back .
eng	that house , the roof of which
eng	is red , is my uncle's .
eng	it was about the year 2000 when i remember doing my first trip to korea . using my limited korean , i had lots of trouble asking for basic things like where the train or bus were , and even what the
eng	way was to places . i remember lots of people responding to me in english , and while i was pretty relieved at that , i’ve gotta say : people in the country right next to us , speaking a language
eng	you changed a lot .
eng	what is the name of the
eng	building whose roof you can see ?
eng	" and now already from the heaven's high steep / the dewy night wheels down , and sinking slow , / the stars are gently wooing us to sleep . / but , if thy longing be so great to know / the tale
eng	of troy's last agony and woe , / the toils we suffered , though my heart doth ache , / and grief would fain the memory forego / of scenes so sad , yet , lady , for thy sake / i will begin , " and
eng	those who know him like him .
eng	the staircase leading to the rooftop is
eng	narrow , steep , and dark .
eng	" thus while they waver and , perplex with doubt , / urge diverse counsels , and in parts divide , / lo , from the citadel , foremost of a rout , / breathless laocoon runs , and from afar cries out
eng	tell me what happened .
eng	the house with the damaged
eng	roof has been repaired .
eng	'or grecians in these timbers lurk confined , / or 'tis some engine of assault , designed / to breach the walls , and lay our houses bare , / and storm the town . some mischief lies behind . / trust
eng	they are sensible girls .
eng	the tile which fell from
eng	the roof broke into pieces .
eng	" lo , now to priam , with exulting cries , / the dardan shepherds drag a youth unknown , / with hands fast pinioned , and in captive guise . / caught on the way , by cunning of his own , / this
eng	how beautiful you are !
eng	how many hours does it take
eng	to go to okinawa by plane ?
eng	'if the name / of palamedes thou hast chanced to hear , / old belus' progeny , if ever came / to thee or thine in talk the rumour of his fame , / whom , pure of guilt , on charges false and feigned
eng	it's easier to have fun than to work .
eng	are you aware that okinawa is
eng	closer to china than to honshu ?
eng	nowadays , due to the biased media , even little kids like junior and sally won’t accept feminism for its negative connatations . . . i think we need to tell men – and a growing percentage of women
eng	you must work more .
eng	the king invited not only us but
eng	also a lot of other people .
eng	" nor in my madness kept my purpose low , / but vowed , if e'er should happier chance invite , / and bring me home a conqueror , even so / my comrade's death with vengeance to requite . / my words
eng	aroused his wrath ; thence evil's earliest blight . / thenceforth ulysses sought with slanderous tongue / to daunt me , scattering in the people's ear / dark hints , and looked for partners of his
eng	it's more difficult than you think .
eng	the king ordered that the
eng	prisoner should be set free .
eng	" whoe'er thou art , henceforward blot from mind / the greeks , and leave thy miseries behind . / ours shalt thou be ; but mark , and tell me now , / what means this monster , for what use designed
eng	he told me he would go to venice .
eng	the prince fell in love
eng	with a woodcutter's daughter .
eng	" but when ulysses , fain / to weave new crimes , with tydeus' impious son / dragged the palladium from her sacred fane , / and , on the citadel the warders slain , / upon the virgin's image dared
eng	to lay / red hands of slaughter , and her wreaths profane , / hope ebbed and failed them from that fatal day , / the danaans' strength grew weak , the goddess turned away . / no dubious signs tritonia's
eng	who are those guys ?
eng	the prince made it known all over the
eng	land that he would marry the poor girl .
eng	she had sat up until nearly twelve the preceding night composing a speech she meant to make to her pupils upon opening the school . she had revised and improved it painstakingly , and then she had
eng	learned it off by heart . it was a very good speech and had some very fine ideas in it , especially about mutual help and earnest striving after knowledge . the only trouble was that she could not
eng	i don't agree with him .
eng	the prince was confined in
eng	the castle for three years .
eng	" 'once had your hands , ' said calchas , 'dared profane / minerva's gift , dire plagues' ( which heaven forestall / or turn on him ) 'should priam's realm sustain ; / but if by trojan aid it scaled
eng	the spirit is willing , but the flesh is weak .
eng	there was a time when kings
eng	and queens reigned over the world .
eng	meanwhile from neighbouring tenedos once more , / beneath the tranquil moonbeam's friendly care , / with ordered ships , along the deep sea - floor , / back came the argive host , and sought the well
eng	- known shore . / forth from the royal galley sprang the flame , / when sinon , screened by partial fate , withdrew / the bolts and barriers of the pinewood frame , / and from its inmost caverns ,
eng	it seems to me that the train is late .
eng	the knight swore an oath
eng	of allegiance to the king .
eng	with joy from out the hollow wood they bound ; / first , dire ulysses , with his captains two , / thessander bold and sthenelus renowned , / down by a pendent rope come sliding to the ground . / then
eng	he learned the news while reading the newspaper .
eng	in europe and america , people regard
eng	punctuality as a matter of course .
eng	" o light of troy , our refuge ! why and how / this long delay ? whence comest thou again , / long - looked - for hector ? how with aching brow , / worn out by toil and death , do we behold thee
eng	i don't know if i'll have time to do it .
eng	in europe and america they regard the
eng	dog as a member of the family .
eng	to such vain quest he cared not to reply , / but , heaving from his breast a deep - drawn sigh , / " fly , goddess - born ! and get thee from the fire ! / the foes " , he said , " are on the ramparts
eng	ask trang if he's going out this evening .
eng	the ec's twelve are working out
eng	a compromise on farm - price .
eng	meanwhile a mingled murmur through the street / rolls onward – wails of anguish , shrieks of fear – , / and though my father's mansion stood secrete , / embowered in foliage , nearer and more near
eng	who said that ? it's totally wrong !
eng	learning lessons from europe , japan has to switch its economic - oriented policy to a consumer -
eng	conscious one , in order to cope with the coming unprecedented aging society towards the 21st century .
eng	like as a fire , when southern gusts are rude , / falls on the standing harvest of the plain , / or torrent , hurtling with a mountain flood , / whelms field and oxens' toil and smiling grain , /
eng	wolves won't usually attack people .
eng	yokohama is the city in japan
eng	with the second largest population .
eng	sighing , he replies " 'tis here , / the final end of all the dardan power , / the last , sad day has come , the inevitable hour . / troy was , and we were trojans , now , alas ! / no more , for perished
eng	 " can somebody help me ? " " i will . "
eng	the population of yokohama is
eng	larger than that of osaka .
eng	here warlike epytus , renowned in fight , / and valiant rhipeus gather to our side , / and hypanis and dymas , matched in might , join with us , by the glimmering moon descried . / here mygdon's son
eng	, coroebus , we espied , / who came to troy , cassandra's love to gain , / and now his troop with priam's hosts allied ; / poor youth and heedless ! whom in frenzied strain / his promised bride had
eng	please will you close the door when you go out .
eng	yokohama is a city where more
eng	than three million people live .
eng	so when the bold and compact band i see , / " brave hearts " , i cry , " but brave , alas ! in vain ; / if firm your purpose holds to follow me / who dare the worst , our present plight is plain .
eng	you've given me your cold .
eng	please fill in the application form and
eng	send it back by november 2nd .
eng	first of the greeks approaches , with a crowd , / androgeus ; friends he deems us unaware , / and thus , with friendly summons , cries aloud : / " haste , comrades , forward ; from the fleet ye fare
eng	i wish she would stop playing that stupid music .
eng	applicants were requested to
eng	submit their resumes .
eng	behind the palace , unobserved and free , / there stood a door , a secret thoroughfare / through priam's halls . here poor andromache / while priam's kingdom flourished and was fair , / to greet her
eng	they will never accept ; it's too far .
eng	i'm really irritable lately . my favorite
eng	soccer team is in a slump .
eng	as when a snake , that through the winter's cold / lay swoln and hidden in the ground from sight , / gorged with rank herbs , forth issues to the light , / and sleek with shining youth and newly drest
eng	her garden is a work of art .
eng	how can you be so
eng	indifferent to your wife's trouble ?
eng	systems in which the rules are based on usage , such as languages or customary law , are condemned to become absurd , cumbersome and contradictory , since every time a small error slips into one of
eng	their usages , it is integrated into the rules , by definition , for eternity . the more users are ignorant , the more systems degrade rapidly . english , poorly used by millions of people , natives
eng	or not , for centuries , is an example of the degradation of a system at terminal stage , no longer presenting any logic , neither in its syntax , nor its grammar , nor its vocabulary or its pronunciation
eng	i'd rather be a bird than a fish .
eng	when his wife died , he
eng	received dozens of letters of sympathy .
eng	soon as he saw the captured city fall , / the palace - gates burst open , and the foe / dealing wild riot in his inmost hall , / up sprang the old man and , at danger's call , / braced o'er his trembling
eng	forget it . it's not worth it .
eng	pollution has a disastrous effect on
eng	the ecology of a region .
eng	" to thee , yea , thee , fierce miscreant " , he cried , / may heaven , if heaven with righteous eyes behold / so foul an outrage and a deed so bold , / ne'er fail a fitting guerdon to ordain , /
eng	you need not telephone me .
eng	as a result of pollution , the
eng	lake is without any form of life .
eng	such close had priam's fortunes ; so his days / were finished , such the bitter end he found , / now doomed by fate with dying eyes to gaze / on troy in flames and ruin all around , / and pergamus
eng	laid level with the ground . / lo , he to whom once asia bowed the knee , / proud lord of many peoples , far - renowned , / now left to welter by the rolling sea , / a huge and headless trunk , a
eng	how dare you say such a thing to me ?
eng	you may take the book home so
eng	long as you don't get it dirty .
eng	" mary , is there a legal term defined as 'per translationem culpa posito sanguine' ? " " no , tom , you just made that up . " " mary , you're under arrest for the murder of richard britteridge .
eng	you ask me to do the impossible .
eng	you may take this book as
eng	long as you keep it clean .
eng	sooth , then , shall she return / to sparta and mycenae , ay , and see / home , husband , sons and parents , safe and free , / with ilian wives and phrygians in her train , / a queen , in pride of
eng	i brought you a little something .
eng	when the trusted confidant of the person who conducted a hostile takeover of
eng	the company betrayed him , it was a sort of retributive justice .
eng	" not so ; though glory wait not on the act ; / though poor the praise , and barren be the gain , / vengeance on feeble woman to exact , / yet praised hereafter shall his name remain , / who purges
eng	earth of such a monstrous stain . / sweet is the passion of vindictive joy , / sweet is the punishment , where just the pain , / sweet the fierce ardour of revenge to cloy , / and slake with dardan
eng	you are as tall as i am .
eng	maintaining a high salt diet may
eng	contribute to high blood pressure .
eng	gaia is a european space agency astronomy mission whose primary goals are to : ( 1 ) measure the positions and velocity of approximately one billion stars ; ( 2 ) determine the brightness , temperature
eng	you have the same racket as i have .
eng	if you are done with the salt
eng	, please pass it to me .
eng	" if heaven of such a city naught should spare , / and thou be pleased that thou and thine should share / the common wreck , that way to death is plain . / wide stands the door ; soon pyrrhus will
eng	she has as many books as i .
eng	i wanted some salt , but
eng	there was none in the jar .
eng	so wailed creusa , and in wild despair / filled all the palace with her sobs and cries , / when lo ! a portent , wondrous to declare . / for while , 'twixt sorrowing parents' hands and eyes , / stood
eng	young iulus , wildered with surprise , / up from the summit of his fair , young head / a tuft was seen of flickering flame to rise . / gently and harmless to the touch it spread / around his tender
eng	go and speak to my colleague .
eng	thank you very much for coming
eng	so far as see me off .
eng	but gladly sire anchises hails the sign , / and gazing upward through the starlit air , / his hands and voice together lifts in prayer : / " o jove omnipotent , dread power benign , / if aught our
eng	tell me about it !
eng	how kind you are to come all
eng	the way to see me off !
eng	and now i neared the gates , and thought my flight / achieved , when suddenly a noise we hear / of trampling feet , and , peering through the night , / my father cries , " fly , son , the greeks are
eng	let's not be in too much of a hurry .
eng	thank you very much for coming
eng	so far to see me off .
eng	then trembling seized me and , amidst my fear , / what power i know not , but some power unkind / confused my wandering wits , and robbed me of my mind . / for while , the byways following , i left
eng	does it also work without registration ?
eng	don't be shy about talking to the teacher ;
eng	if you don't understand , use some initiative !
eng	dorothea darted instantaneously from the window ; will followed her , seizing her hand with a spasmodic movement ; and so they stood , with their hands clasped , like two children , looking out on
eng	in which folder did you save the file ?
eng	never hesitate to have time
eng	off whenever you want .
eng	" there is no hope for me , " said will . " even if you loved me as well as i love you - even if i were everything to you - i shall most likely always be very poor : on a sober calculation , one
eng	can count on nothing but a creeping lot . it is impossible for us ever to belong to each other . it is perhaps base of me to have asked for a word from you . i meant to go away into silence , but
eng	maria has long hair .
eng	we felt relieved when we saw
eng	a light in the distance .
eng	dorothea sat down on the seat nearest to her , a long low ottoman in the middle of the room , and with her hands folded over each other on her lap , looked at the drear outer world . will stood still
eng	you don't have to come tomorrow .
eng	in the distance there stood
eng	a dimly white lighthouse .
eng	at last he turned , still resting against the chair , and stretching his hand automatically towards his hat , said with a sort of exasperation , " good - by . " " oh , i cannot bear it - my heart
eng	will break , " said dorothea , starting from her seat , the flood of her young passion bearing down all the obstructions which had kept her silent - the great tears rising and falling in an instant
eng	i have to take medicine .
eng	it's hard to get to by
eng	bike because it's far away .
eng	the division of humanity into genetic " races " based on skin color is a social construct . a black african may genetically have more in common ( excluding skin color ) with a white european than
eng	with another black african . furthermore , social attitudes as to which skin colors are " white " or " black " can vary from culture to culture . a " black " person in one society may be a " white
eng	please do not take photos here .
eng	the picture looks strange because
eng	it has no perspective .
eng	in the course of history , many humans have believed that those who did not share their skin color , language , or religion belonged to different " races " . the question of which of these factors
eng	are relevant in determining the " blood " of an individual is arbitrary and can vary widely depending on the ideology . according to some , " whites " have the same " blood " , regardless of language
eng	. according to others , those who share the same skin color can have different " bloods " if they speak different languages or belong to different religions . humans have always tried to find reasons
eng	nara is a quiet and beautiful city .
eng	please stop beating around the bush
eng	and come straight to the point .
eng	there are two types of political correctness which are often conflated and which should be distinguished . there is the political correctness of language , which holds that certain groups should not
eng	be referred to by certain words with negative connotations ( e . g . , ethnic slurs ) , and there is the political correctness of ideas , which holds that certain ideas should not be discussed . the
eng	i'm taking a walk in a park .
eng	don't beat around the bush ;
eng	tell me who is to blame .
eng	races , in the sense of neatly separated genetic or ancestral groupings that can be reliably identified by superficial characteristics such as skin color , language , or religion , are generally arbitrary
eng	my hobby is to listen to music .
eng	stop beating around the bush
eng	and get to the point .
eng	when now the gods have made proud ilion fall , / and asia's power and priam's race renowned / o'erwhelmed in ruin undeserved , and all / neptunian troy lies smouldering on the ground , / in desert
eng	lands , to diverse exile bound , / celestial portents bid us forth to fare ; / where ida's heights above antandros frowned , / a fleet we build , and gather crews , unware / which way the fates will
eng	if you are free , give me a hand .
eng	stop beating around the bush
eng	and tell me what happened .
eng	scarce now the summer had begun , when straight / my father , old anchises , gave command / to spread our canvas and to trust to fate . / weeping , i leave my native port , the land , / the fields
eng	where once the trojan towers did stand , / and , homeless , launch upon the boundless brine , / heart - broken outcast , with an exiled band , / comrades , and son , and household gods divine , /
eng	i work even on sunday .
eng	instead of beating around the bush ,
eng	jones got straight to the point .
eng	your life is your own . you mold it . you make it . all anyone can do is to point out ways and means which have been helpful to others . perhaps they will serve as suggestions to stimulate your own
eng	he's not working much at the moment .
eng	we had not gone far before we
eng	saw the road blocked by a truck .
eng	research in the park by charles walcott on trilobites in the late 1800s provided the foundation for his theory of the “cambrian explosion , ” a term he used to describe the relatively sudden appearance
eng	it happened a long time ago .
eng	we could see the lights of
eng	the town in the distance .
eng	each time a fossil is found , paleontologists make careful notes about its geographic position , which rock layer it came out of , what materials were used to dig it up , and lots of other contextual
eng	where have you been ?
eng	little lights were blinking on
eng	and off in the distance .
eng	" spare , o aeneas , spare a wretch , nor shame / thy guiltless hands , but let the dead repose . / from troy , no alien to thy race , i came . / o , fly this greedy shore , these cruel foes ! /
eng	here comes the bride !
eng	seen from a distance , the
eng	hill looks like an elephant .
eng	so to his shade , with funeral rites , we rear / a mound , and altars to the dead prepare , / wreathed with dark cypress . round them , as of yore , / pace troy's sad matrons , with their streaming
eng	what have you been doing all this time !
eng	seen from a distance , it
eng	looked like a human face .
eng	" cultural marxism " was a critique of popular culture by the frankfurt school of critical theory , a discipline which used knowledge from the social sciences to revise marxist theory . in modern
eng	it's been snowing all night .
eng	seen from a distance , the
eng	rock looked like a human face .
eng	and so it happened that an hour or so later i found myself in the corner of a first - class carriage flying along en route for exeter , while sherlock holmes , with his sharp , eager face framed in
eng	it's been ten years since we last met .
eng	viewed from a distance , the
eng	island looked like a cloud .
eng	" surely i met you in plymouth at a garden - party some little time ago , mrs . straker ? " said holmes . " no , sir ; you are mistaken . " " dear me ! why , i could have sworn to it . you wore a
eng	how come you know so much about japanese history ?
eng	seen from a distance , the big
eng	rock looks like an old castle .
eng	suddenly my companion’s voice broke in upon my thoughts : “you are right , watson , ” said he . “it does seem a most preposterous way of settling a dispute . ” “most preposterous ! ” i exclaimed ,
eng	could you turn on the light , please ?
eng	seen from a distance , the
eng	stone looks like a human face .
eng	after throwing down your paper , which was the action which drew my attention to you , you sat for half a minute with a vacant expression . then your eyes fixed themselves upon your newly framed picture
eng	of general gordon , and i saw by the alteration in your face that a train of thought had been started . but it did not lead very far . your eyes flashed across to the unframed portrait of henry ward
eng	beecher which stands upon the top of your books . then you glanced up at the wall , and of course your meaning was obvious . you were thinking that if the portrait were framed it would just cover
eng	she's selling drugs at concerts .
eng	seen from a distance , this
eng	mountain looks like mt . fuji .
eng	when a moment later i saw your eyes wander away from the picture , i suspected that your mind had now turned to the civil war , and when i observed that your lips set , your eyes sparkled , and your
eng	turn right at the crossroad .
eng	the small island looked like
eng	a tortoise from a distance .
eng	your hand stole towards your own old wound and a smile quivered on your lips , which showed me that the ridiculous side of this method of settling international questions had forced itself upon your
eng	i buried my dog at the pet cemetery .
eng	in the distance you can see mt
eng	. fuji through the morning mist .
eng	“i observed the very instant that i entered the room that you have a portrait group of three ladies upon the mantelpiece , one of whom is undoubtedly yourself , while the others are so exceedingly
eng	they forgot to lock the door .
eng	thank you very much for coming
eng	all the way to see me .
eng	things went on much as before , but after a time i began to find that there was a bit of a change in mary herself . she had always been so trusting and so innocent , but now she became queer and suspicious
eng	he was born on july 28th , 1888 .
eng	a chimney carries smoke from
eng	a fireplace to the outside .
eng	there , in a temple built of ancient stone / i worship : " grant , thymbrean lord divine , / a home , a settled city of our own , / walls to the weary , and a lasting line , / to troy another pergamus
eng	. incline / and harken . save these dardans sore - distrest , / the remnant of achilles' wrath . some sign / vouchsafe us , whom to follow ? where to rest ? / steal into trojan hearts , and make thy
eng	will you listen to me for a few minutes ?
eng	how many cigarettes am i allowed
eng	to take back duty free ?
eng	the images detached from every aspect of life merge into a common stream in which the unity of that life can no longer be recovered . fragmented views of reality regroup themselves into a new unity
eng	as a separate pseudoworld that can only be looked at . the specialization of images of the world evolves into a world of autonomized images where even the deceivers are deceived . the spectacle is
eng	if you will come this way . . .
eng	after the concert , the crowd
eng	made for the nearest door .
eng	the spectacle presents itself simultaneously as society itself , as a part of society , and as a means of unification . as a part of society , it is the focal point of all vision and all consciousness
eng	. but due to the very fact that this sector is separate , it is in reality the domain of delusion and false consciousness : the unification it achieves is nothing but an official language of universal
eng	how did your interview go ?
eng	it's a lot of fun making
eng	people laugh while giving a speech .
eng	" what may you be wantin' ? " she asked , in a northern accent . " i am your neighbour over yonder , " said i , nodding towards my house . " i see that you have only just moved in , so i thought
eng	he's moving in with his girlfriend .
eng	the speaker tried to incite
eng	the people to rebellion .
eng	i wish you would use yourself to translate , every day , only three or four lines , from any book , in any language , into the correctest and most elegant english that you can think of ; you cannot
eng	could you do me a favour please ?
eng	a person giving a speech should
eng	stand where everyone can see him .
eng	" you have a very handsome stick , " i answered . " by the inscription i observed that you had not had it more than a year . but you have taken some pains to bore the head of it and pour melted lead
eng	no , i'm not mad at you , i'm just disappointed .
eng	the speaker should stand where
eng	everyone can see him .
eng	an anomaly which often struck me in the character of my friend sherlock holmes was that , although in his methods of thought he was the neatest and most methodical of mankind , and although also he
eng	she is mad at me .
eng	i'd like to see a play
eng	. do you have any information ?
eng	i have always held , too , that pistol practice should be distinctly an open - air pastime ; and when holmes , in one of his queer humours , would sit in an arm - chair with his hair - trigger and
eng	a hundred boxer cartridges , and proceed to adorn the opposite wall with a patriotic v . r . done in bullet - pocks , i felt strongly that neither the atmosphere nor the appearance of our room was
eng	i can't believe my eyes .
eng	and the master of the banquet tested the
eng	water that had been turned into wine .
eng	but with me there is a limit , and when i find a man who keeps his cigars in the coal - scuttle , his tobacco in the toe end of a persian slipper , and his unanswered correspondence transfixed by
eng	an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth .
eng	maruyama park is a place where
eng	a lot of people gather .
eng	the rough - and - tumble work in afghanistan , coming on the top of a natural bohemianism of disposition , has made me rather more lax than befits a medical man . but with me there is a limit , and
eng	when i find a man who keeps his cigars in the coal - scuttle , his tobacco in the toe end of a persian slipper , and his unanswered correspondence transfixed by a jack - knife into the very centre
eng	i've got mosquito bites all over my arm .
eng	the strong yen is acting
eng	against japan's export industry .
eng	as i have mentioned somewhere in these incoherent memoirs , the outbursts of passionate energy when he performed the remarkable feats with which his name is associated were followed by reactions of
eng	during winter i sleep with two blankets .
eng	how to overcome the high value of
eng	the yen is a big problem .
eng	take , for example , the french word collège . in english , college can often be used in place of the word university , or sometimes as a school within a university . however , in french , collège
eng	her eyes were shining with joy .
eng	the influence of the strong yen on
eng	the japanese economy has become very serious .
eng	in english , the verb “demand” is something you say when you have a strong need for something . it is usually an impolite way to ask for something . however , in french , the word demander is a better
eng	you are to come with me .
eng	the yen's appreciation accelerated the
eng	decline of that company .
eng	scarce stand the vessels hauled upon the beach , / and bent on marriages the young men vie / to till new settlements , while i to each / due law dispense and dwelling place supply , / when from a
eng	tainted quarter of the sky / rank vapours , gathering , on my comrades seize , / and a foul pestilence creeps down from high / on mortal limbs and standing crops and trees , / a season black with
eng	you have to come with me .
eng	does depreciation of the yen
eng	give rise to inflation ?
eng	the project is a threatened species reintroduction project . we are aiming at eradicating feral animals , predators particularly — cats and foxes — from a large landscape . we will be working with
eng	local indigenous communities to achieve that eradication . we will be then reintroducing a whole range of australian endangered mammal species that have disappeared from this landscape completely
eng	are you angry at what i said ?
eng	is there a bank where i
eng	can exchange yen for dollars ?
eng	lopez said people do not realize what is happening in their own backyard . she calls the exploitative work that robs children of their childhood unacceptable and said it must stop . she said children
eng	can you justify the use of violence ?
eng	the yen appreciated 10
eng	percent against the dollar .
eng	they think of their buffaloes as family members . they would never eat them . they never even sell them for slaughter . and even though this is a muslim community , they also happen to be vegetarian
eng	you are supposed to obey the law .
eng	the yen was revalued upward against the u . s . dollar from a rate
eng	of 360 yen against the dollar to 308 yen on december 18 , 1971 .
eng	the study in the journal plos biology lists what the authors say are the world's 10 most charismatic animals : tigers , lions , elephants , giraffes , leopards , pandas , cheetahs , polar bears ,
eng	gray wolves and gorillas . the common depiction of these animals in cartoons and movies and as toys has led to what the authors call " virtual populations " — people believe the animals are not at
eng	can you do bookkeeping ?
eng	the yen is expected to
eng	lose value against the dollar .
eng	the chinese emperor who oversaw the building of the great wall famously used his power to stop published information . qin shi huang ordered the burning of thousands of books on subjects he wanted
eng	you have no sense of direction .
eng	the bookstore across from the
eng	station is very large .
eng	university of copenhagen archeologist and study co - author tobias richter pointed to the nutritional implications of adding bread to the diet . " bread provides us with an important source of carbohydrates
eng	you must practice grammar .
eng	i heard someone in the crowd
eng	outside the station call my name .
eng	'twas night ; on earth all creatures were asleep , / when lo ! the figures of our gods , the same / whom erst from falling ilion o'er the deep / i brought , scarce rescued from the midmost flame ,
eng	/ before me , sleepless for my country's shame , / stood plain , in plenteousness of light confessed , / where streaming through the sunken lattice came / the moon's full splendour , and their speech
eng	you had better go to the infirmary .
eng	there is a large parking lot
eng	in front of the station .
eng	awed by the vision and the voice divine / ( 'twas no mere dream ; their very looks i knew , / i saw the fillets round their temples twine , / and clammy sweat did all my limbs bedew ) / forthwith
eng	, upstarting , from the couch i flew , / and hands and voice together raised in prayer , / and wine unmixt upon the altars threw . / this done , to old anchises i repair , / pleased with the rites
eng	you shouldn't do things by halves .
eng	a lot of bicycles are illegally
eng	parked in front of the station .
eng	whereas some ascetics and brahmins remain addicted to attending such shows as dancing , singing , music , displays , recitations , hand - music , cymbals and drums , fairy - shows , acrobatic and
eng	conjuring tricks , combats of elephants , buffaloes , bulls , goats , rams , cocks and quail , fighting with staves , boxing , wrestling , sham - fights , parades , manoeuvres and military reviews
eng	you should pay your rent in advance .
eng	i ran into an old friend
eng	of mine outside the station .
eng	winds roll the waters , and the great seas rise . / dispersed we welter on the gulfs . damp night / has snatched with rain the heaven from our eyes , / and storm - mists in a mantle wrapt the light
eng	. / flash after flash , and for a moment bright , / quick lightnings rend the welkin . driven astray / we wander , robbed of reckoning , reft of sight . / no difference now between the night and day
eng	you must keep your room clean .
eng	it's foolish taking a taxi when you
eng	can easily walk to the station .
eng	on a recent weekday afternoon in ho chi minh city , the passengers bouncing along on one of the city's green buses breathed in mouthfuls of carbon monoxide , hydrogen cyanide and other chemicals that
eng	you must take off your hat in the room .
eng	it's too far to walk to the
eng	station , so let's take a bus .
eng	but not all locals are happy . one pensioner , who would only give her name as giovanna , bewailed what she described as an " invasion , " saying it has upset the tranquility of the town and the rhythm
eng	you are wavering .
eng	could you please tell me how
eng	to get to the station ?
eng	discouraged by the seemingly endless challenges of farming , prem is increasingly focusing on his motorcycle repair business , which can earn him $5 to $10 per day if he is lucky . still , he is determined
eng	have you ever climbed mt . fuji ?
eng	please be so kind as to show
eng	me the way to the station .
eng	pet owners are always happy to share a memory about the time their dog responded to their distress by coming to them or trying to get their attention . but those seemed to just be stories , until
eng	your undaunted spirit will carry you through .
eng	it will take me 20 minutes to
eng	get to the station by taxi .
eng	there was one thing in the case which had made the deepest impression both upon the servants and the police . this was the contortion of the colonel's face . it had set , according to their account
eng	you should take care of your sick mother .
eng	i managed to catch the 8 o'clock train
eng	by running all the way to the station .
eng	in spite of his capacity for concealing his emotions , i could easily see that holmes was in a state of suppressed excitement , while i was myself tingling with that half - sporting , half - intellectual
eng	you have to learn standard english .
eng	it takes you an hour to
eng	go to the station on foot .
eng	if you make your body very pleasant , we call this health and pleasure . if you make your mind very pleasant , we call this happiness and joy . if you make your emotions very pleasant , we call this
eng	you are not at all wrong .
eng	i got to the station only to
eng	find that the train had just left .
eng	anne reveled in the world of color about her . " oh , marilla , " she exclaimed one saturday morning , coming dancing in with her arms full of gorgeous boughs , " i'm so glad i live in a world where
eng	there are octobers . it would be terrible if we just skipped from september to november , wouldn't it ? look at these maple branches . don't they give you a thrill — several thrills ? i'm going to
eng	have you ever traveled in a plane ?
eng	arriving at the station ,
eng	he found his train gone .
eng	" i can just imagine myself sitting down at the head of the table and pouring out the tea , " said anne , shutting her eyes ecstatically . " and asking diana if she takes sugar ! i know she doesn't
eng	, but of course i'll ask her just as if i didn't know . and then pressing her to take another piece of fruit cake and another helping of preserves . oh , marilla , it's a wonderful sensation just
eng	i have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer .
eng	i was caught in a shower
eng	on my way to the station .
eng	saved beyond hope and glad the land is won , / and lustral rites , with blazing altars , pay / to jove , and make the shores of actium gay / with ilian games , as , like our sires , we strip / and
eng	you are idle to the bone .
eng	how long does it take to
eng	the train station by taxi ?
eng	“this is a particularly dangerous situation with extremely low humidity and high winds . new fires will grow rapidly out of control , in some cases people may not be able to evacuate safely in time
eng	can you keep a secret ?
eng	on arriving at the station , i went
eng	to see my uncle at his office .
eng	today , jeju island , also known as the ‘hawaii of korea , ’ is a world heritage site known for its fields of yellow canola flowers in full bloom , the bright turquoise color of the ocean , numerous
eng	now that you are tired , you'd better rest .
eng	the station is near here . you'll
eng	be in time for the train .
eng	the perseid meteor shower is often considered to be one of the best meteor showers of the year due to its high rates and pleasant late - summer temperatures . this year’s shower peak , however , has
eng	the added bonus of dark skies courtesy of an early - setting crescent moon . combine these ideal observing conditions and high rates ( an average of 60 meteors per hour at the peak ) with the fact
eng	you are tired , and so am i .
eng	you pay for the convenience
eng	of living near a station .
eng	throughout its seven - year mission , parker solar probe will make six more venus flybys and 24 total passes by the sun , journeying steadily closer to the sun until it makes its closest approach
eng	you are tired , aren't you ?
eng	wherever you go , you see a lot
eng	of bicycles left on sidewalks near stations .
eng	parker solar probe has been designed to withstand the extreme conditions and temperature fluctuations for the mission . the key lies in its custom heat shield and an autonomous system that helps protect
eng	are you not tired ?
eng	the moment she arrived at the
eng	station , she phoned her mother .
eng	to make sure the instrument was ready for the harsh environment , the researchers needed to mimic the sun’s intense heat radiation in a lab . to create a test - worthy level of heat , the researchers
eng	used a particle accelerator and imax projectors — jury - rigged to increase their temperature . the projectors mimicked the heat of the sun , while the particle accelerator exposed the instrument
eng	you are too sensitive to criticism .
eng	on arriving at the station ,
eng	i called a friend of mine .
eng	the solar probe cup passed its tests with flying colors — indeed , it continued to perform better and give clearer results the longer it was exposed to the test environments . “we think the radiation
eng	you can rely on him .
eng	on arriving at the station ,
eng	she rang up her mother .
eng	several sensors , about half the size of a cell phone , are attached to the body of the spacecraft along the edge of the shadow from the heat shield . if any of these sensors detect sunlight , they
eng	you can rely on her .
eng	the sky had become threatening before
eng	i got to the station .
eng	when thus the prophet helenus i hail , / " troy - born interpreter of heaven ! whose art / the signs of phoebus' pleasure can impart ; / thou know'st the tripod and the clarian bay , / the stars ,
eng	you must help her , and soon !
eng	arriving at the station , i
eng	found the train had already left .
eng	" o goddess - born , high auspices are thine , / and heaven's plain omens guide thee o'er the main . / thus jove , by lot unfolding his design , / assorts the chances , and the fates ordain . / this
eng	much may i of many things explain , / how best o'er foreign seas to urge thy keel / in safety , and ausonian ports attain , / the rest from helenus the fates conceal , / and juno's envious power forbids
eng	you must not take advantage of her innocence .
eng	arriving at the station ,
eng	she called up her brother .
eng	returning , i had to cross before the looking - glass ; my fascinated glance involuntarily explored the depth it revealed . all looked colder and darker in that visionary hollow than in reality :
eng	and the strange little figure there gazing at me , with a white face and arms specking the gloom , and glittering eyes of fear moving where all else was still , had the effect of a real spirit : i
eng	thought it like one of the tiny phantoms , half fairy , half imp , bessie’s evening stories represented as coming out of lone , ferny dells in moors , and appearing before the eyes of belated travelers
eng	you should have acted on her advice .
eng	the train had already started when
eng	i got to the station .
eng	at last he clasped his hands in prayer , and in so doing rubbed the ring , which the magician had forgotten to take from him . immediately an enormous and frightful genie rose out of the earth , saying
eng	: “what wouldst thou with me ? i am the slave of the ring , and will obey thee in all things . ” aladdin fearlessly replied : “deliver me from this place ! ” whereupon the earth opened , and he found
eng	you are treading on her corns .
eng	when i arrived at the station ,
eng	the train was just about to leave .
eng	he rubbed it , and the genie appeared , saying , “what is thy will ? ” aladdin replied : “the sultan , as thou knowest , has broken his promise to me , and the vizier’s son is to have the princess
eng	i think that you ought to apologize to her .
eng	the train was just on the point of
eng	starting when i got to the station .
eng	in the deepest spot of all stands the castle of the sea king . its walls are built of coral , and the long gothic windows are of the clearest amber . the roof is formed of shells that open and close
eng	you must apologize to her , and that at once .
eng	we must hurry if we want to
eng	arrive at the station on time .
eng	we sometimes live for three hundred years , but when we cease to exist here , we become only foam on the surface of the water and have not even a grave among those we love . we have not immortal souls
eng	, we shall never live again ; like the green seaweed when once it has been cut off , we can never flourish more . human beings , on the contrary , have souls which live forever , even after the body
eng	has been turned to dust . they rise up through the clear , pure air , beyond the glittering stars . as we rise out of the water and behold all the land of the earth , so do they rise to unknown and
eng	just a minute .
eng	could you tell me the way
eng	to the station , please ?
eng	" i know what you want , " said the sea witch . " it is very stupid of you , but you shall have your way , though it will bring you to sorrow , my pretty princess . you want to get rid of your fish's
eng	you asked after her ? what did she say ?
eng	i ran into an old classmate of
eng	mine on my way to the station .
eng	" when , musing sad and pensive , thou hast found / beside an oak - fringed river , on the shore , / a huge sow thirty - farrowed , and around , / milk - white as she , her litter , mark the ground
eng	you are expecting too much of her .
eng	please tell me which bus to
eng	take to get to the station .
eng	" nay , when thy vessels , ranged upon her shore , / rest from the deep , and on the beach ye light / the votive altars , and the gods adore , / veil then thy locks , with purple hood bedight , /
eng	did you meet her ?
eng	i could not find my brother who
eng	was to meet me at the station .
eng	the tropical forests contain a half of the species in the world , so their disappearance is doubly damaging , and it is astonishing but true that our civilisation , whose imagination has reached the
eng	do you want to see her very much ?
eng	although it was a long way back to the station
eng	, little by little the old wagon drew near .
eng	" these lands , 'tis said , one continent of yore / ( such change can ages work ) an earthquake tore / asunder ; in with havoc rushed the main , / and far sicilia from hesperia bore , / and now ,
eng	did you fall in love with her at first sight ?
eng	i waited for him at the station for
eng	an hour , but he didn't show up .
eng	" this more , besides , i charge thee to obey , / if any faith to helenus be due , / or skill in prophecy the seer display , / and mighty phoebus hath inspired me true , / these warning words i urge
eng	you were taken in by her .
eng	do you know how far it is
eng	from the station to city hall ?
eng	" there , when at cumae landing from the main , / avernus' lakes and sounding woods ye gain , / thyself shalt see , within her rock - hewn shrine , / the frenzied prophetess , whose mystic strain
eng	unlike her , you are diligent .
eng	it took only about five minutes to get to
eng	my uncle's house from the station by car .
eng	" there rest they , nor their sequence change , nor place , / save when , by chance , on grating hinge the door / swings open , and a light breath sweeps the floor , / or rougher blasts the tender
eng	you are not less pretty than her .
eng	it takes twenty minutes to walk
eng	from the station to school .
eng	so spake the seer , and shipward bids his friends / rich gifts convey , and store them in the hold . / gold , silver plate , carved ivory he sends , / with massive caldrons of dodona's mould ; / a
eng	when did you see her dancing with him ?
eng	it was a good five kilometers
eng	from the station to the school .
eng	then to anchises , as he bids us spread / the sails , with reverence speaks apollo's seer , / " far - famed anchises , honoured with the bed / of haughty venus , heaven's peculiar care , / twice saved
eng	from troy ! behold ausonia there , / steer towards her coasts , yet skirt them ; far away / that region lies , which phoebus doth prepare . / blest in thy son's devotion , take thy way . / why should
eng	you'll come to like her .
eng	the office for disease control
eng	reported a 10 percent spread .
eng	nor less andromache , sore grieved to part , / rich raiment fetches , wrought with golden thread , / and phrygian scarf , and still with bounteous heart / loads him with broideries . " take these
eng	" , she said , / " sole image of astyanax now dead . / thy kin's last gifts , my handiwork , to show / how hector's widow loved the son she bred . / such eyes had he , such very looks as thou , /
eng	are you aware of how much she loves you ?
eng	a sharp tongue is the only edged
eng	tool that grows keener with constant use .
eng	" if ever tiber and the fields i see / washed by her waves , ere mingling with the brine , / and build the city which the fates decree , / then kindred towns and neighbouring folk shall join , /
eng	yours in epirus , in hesperia mine , / and linked thenceforth in sorrow and in joy , / with dardanus the founder of each line , / so let posterity its pains employ , / two nations , one in heart ,
eng	i think you had better call on him .
eng	who loves not women , wine and song
eng	remains a fool his whole life long .
eng	it was a spacious harbour , sheltered deep / from access of the winds , but looming vast / with awful ravage , aetna's neighbouring steep / thundered aloud , and , dark with clouds , upcast / smoke
eng	and red cinders in a whirlwind's blast . / live balls of flame , with showers of sparks , upflew / and licked the stars , and in combustion massed , / torn rocks , her ragged entrails , molten new
eng	you must be careful not to make him angry .
eng	the first man that succeed in
eng	swimming the channel was captain webb .
eng	the hubble telescope has given us spectacular pictures from space , from the dramatic image of the pillars of creation in the eagle nebula , some 6 , 500 to 7 , 000 light years from earth , to a snapshot
eng	you must give him up for dead .
eng	the best way to master english composition
eng	is to keep a diary in english .
eng	“if you try to image a planet , you run into several difficulties , ” he explains . “one is that their separation is very small on the sky . so , you need to spatially resolve and isolate the signal
eng	you needn't have seen him to the door .
eng	what a big mistake you
eng	made in your english composition !
eng	the report from the national academy of sciences committee on exoplanet science strategy will be reviewed by congress . portions of it may be included in the final 2020 - 2030 astronomy and astrophysics
eng	you shouldn't look down on him .
eng	the english ambassador demanded to
eng	meet with the president directly .
eng	let me therefore enter upon this noble cause with a chearfulness , grounded upon this assurance , that my adversary's cause is maintain'd by nothing but fraud , fallacy , ignorance and barbarity ;
eng	you are selling him short .
eng	the british have a lot of
eng	respect for law and order .
eng	our highest assurance of the goodness of providence seems to me to rest in the flowers . all other things , our powers , our desires , our food , are all really necessary for our existence in the
eng	you had better keep him at a respectful distance .
eng	some people say that english politeness is
eng	, at bottom , really fear .
eng	" look at those big , isolated clumps of building rising up above the slates , like brick islands in a lead - coloured sea . " " the board - schools . " " light - houses , my boy ! beacons of the
eng	you must not look upon him as great .
eng	as an englishman , he is particularly sensitive
eng	to the differences between english and american usage .
eng	" on the contrary , " said holmes , " out of my last fifty - three cases my name has only appeared in four , and the police have had all the credit in forty - nine . i don't blame you for not knowing
eng	you're required to help them .
eng	i hear it takes time to
eng	make friends with the english people .
eng	a man was crouching at the window . i could see little of him , for he was gone like a flash . he was wrapped in some sort of cloak which came across the lower part of his face . one thing only i
eng	are you younger than him ?
eng	alfred , king of england , was a
eng	great scholar as well as a great ruler .
eng	for years past i have continually been conscious of some power behind the malefactor , some deep organising power which forever stands in the way of the law , and throws its shield over the wrong
eng	- doer . again and again in cases of the most varying sorts - - forgery cases , robberies , murders - - i have felt the presence of this force , and i have deduced its action in many of those undiscovered
eng	crimes in which i have not been personally consulted . for years i have endeavoured to break through the veil which shrouded it , and at last the time came when i seized my thread and followed it
eng	all that you have to do is to wait for his reply .
eng	great britain is no longer
eng	in control of world politics .
eng	before the face of god i take you as my husband . i promise faithfulness to you for better and worse days , in sickness and in health , till death do us part . i want to love , cherish and honor you
eng	you must take his age into account .
eng	britain is separated from the
eng	continent by the channel .
eng	before the face of god i take you as my wife . i promise faithfulness to you for better and worse days , in sickness and in health , till death do us part . i want to love , cherish and honor you
eng	are you for or against his idea ?
eng	in 1971 the united kingdom changed
eng	its currency to the decimal system .
eng	i had not been in my study five minutes when the maid entered to say that a person desired to see me . to my astonishment it was none other than my strange old book collector , his sharp , wizened
eng	you must pay attention to his advice .
eng	english law prohibits children under
eng	16 from buying cigarettes .
eng	think hard about your foe , for he is a mountain you will not bring down . you have never seen such a man nor had the opportunity to stand beside him in battle . you can not understand the likes of
eng	such , because you have not had such an opportunity . life is a lesson . some are hard lesson , some unforgiving and damning . some are irreversible and final . a man with nothing to lose is a man
eng	you should have accepted his advice .
eng	the south east region of
eng	england is densely populated .
eng	at the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month - - precisely 100 years after fighting halted in the first world war - - leaders from more than 60 nations - - the majority of countries that sent
eng	you may as well follow his advice .
eng	britain's currency crisis has turned into a political one over government
eng	failure to stop the pound from going into free - fall .
eng	an american delegation led by chief of staff general john kelly and chairman of the joint chiefs of staff joe dunford visited the aisne - marne american cemetery and memorial under gray skies and
eng	you may make use of his library .
eng	in the imperial measurement system ,
eng	four quarts equals one gallon .
eng	in his veterans day message , former president barack obama tweeted , “to all our veterans and your families : thank you . there's no tribute that can truly match the magnitude of your service and
eng	all you have to do is follow his advice .
eng	london , the capital of england
eng	, is on the thames .
eng	the king made appropriate adjustments for the vile being . the king knew the being's child like mind would continue to lure him in . the vile being had a taste for that which he could not have and
eng	all that you have to do is to follow his advice .
eng	the english poet percy shelley went so far as
eng	to call hell a city much like london .
eng	the king explained to the being , that only through many years and many mistakes was he able to master such a test . the king faced such adversity his entire life and was underestimated in many a
eng	you must allow for his youth .
eng	the english sovereign is generally said
eng	to reign but not rule .
eng	i have adopted a beautiful dog . its prior owner was very abusive , and it sometimes wanders . though it's not the first dog i have adopted , it is more frightened than any of the others . the brutality
eng	it endured from its previous owners is unconscionable . it needs discipline , not brutality . a owner who breaks a dog's spirit will never know true love from his dog . it will be fake and submissive
eng	you should have helped him with his work .
eng	the climate of england is not so mild as that
eng	of japan , but in summer it is much cooler .
eng	" it is one thing to write as a poet and another to write as a historian : the poet can recount or sing about things not as they were , but as they should have been , and the historian must write
eng	you should pay more attention to what he says .
eng	unlike great britain , the upper house in
eng	the united states is an elected body .
eng	down through the misty vistas of the ages rings a clarion declaration and although the very heavens echo to the reverberations , but few hear and fewer understand : " in the beginning was the word
eng	and the word was with god and the word was god . "   here then is the eternal paradox . the word is lost yet it is ever with us . the light that illumines the distant horizon shines in our hearts
eng	you must pay attention to him .
eng	in great britain the king reigns
eng	, but does not govern .
eng	since the late 19th century , humans have released an increasing amount of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere through burning fossil fuels and , to a lesser extent , deforestation and land - use
eng	you should pay more attention to his warnings .
eng	in britain , the banks open at
eng	9 : 00 in the morning .
eng	today , the largest uncertainty in projecting future climate conditions is the level of greenhouse gas emissions going forward . future global greenhouse gas emissions levels and resulting impacts
eng	you ought to have adopted his plan .
eng	the english team beat the brazilian
eng	team in the international football tournament .
eng	many of the decisions we make every day are based on less - than - perfect knowledge . for example , while gps - based applications on smartphones can provide a travel - time estimate for our daily
eng	it's better to ignore his eccentricities .
eng	pay more attention to intonation
eng	when you speak english .
eng	in 2017 , hurricane harvey dumped an unprecedented amount of rainfall over the greater houston area , some of which has been attributed to human - induced climate change . resulting power outages
eng	you should not play on his generous nature .
eng	she speaks english better than
eng	any of her classmates .
eng	when lanning learned she would be giving birth to twins , she was told that she could either schedule a cesarean section at her nearest hospital , about 20 kilometers ( 12 miles ) away , or travel
eng	you had better not play on his generous nature .
eng	don't be afraid to make
eng	mistakes when speaking english .
eng	under this condition they proceeded on their way , he leading , she following , through passages dark and steep , in total silence , till they had nearly reached the outlet into the cheerful upper
eng	you overestimate him .
eng	don't be afraid of making
eng	mistakes when you speak english .
eng	this is truely a sad tale . . . she sold her soul long ago . though always accompanied she will always be alone . for she has no loyalty save one , her youngest . he too will see the shape shifter
eng	when the light comes on . the damage will be irreversible and un - repairable . his fate is that of his father . both caused by the wickedness that lies within her . the puppet master will rejoice
eng	you can depend on his help .
eng	don't be afraid of making
eng	mistakes when speaking english .
eng	rejoice , o young man , in thy youth ; and let thy heart cheer thee in the days of thy youth , and walk in the ways of thine heart , and in the sight of thine eyes : but know thou , that for all these
eng	did you accept his statement as true ?
eng	developing his ability of speaking english , it
eng	seems , is his purpose of studying abroad .
eng	it's just beauty that's calling me , the beauty of the far off and unknown , the mystery and spell of the east which lures me in the books i've read , the need of the freedom of great wide spaces
eng	you should have told him the truth .
eng	to speak english is not easy
eng	, but it is interesting .
eng	i suppose life has made him like that , and he can't help it . none of us can help the things life has done to us . they're done before you realize it , and once they're done they make you do other
eng	you must compensate him for the money he lost .
eng	she is above any of
eng	her classmates in speaking english .
eng	it wasn't the fog i minded , cathleen . i really love fog . it hides you from the world and the world from you . you feel that everything has changed , and nothing is what it seemed to be . no one
eng	you can't expect much of him .
eng	that boy who is speaking
eng	english is taller than i .
eng	have you heard of the great forest of burzee ? nurse used to sing of it when i was a child . she sang of the big tree - trunks , standing close together , with their roots intertwining below the earth
eng	and their branches intertwining above it ; of their rough coating of bark and queer , gnarled limbs ; of the bushy foliage that roofed the entire forest , save where the sunbeams found a path through
eng	you should tell him the truth .
eng	don't translate english into
eng	japanese word for word .
eng	the regrets that we will have as we lay dying will not be over missed opportunities to make more money , to work longer hours , or to invest our money more strategically . we should ask ourselves
eng	you had better tell him the truth .
eng	it is impossible to master
eng	english in a short time .
eng	" that story was so funny i literally died from laughter . " " then how come you're talking to me now ? " " of course , i didn't actually die , it was just a figure of speech . " " so you're saying
eng	you used 'literally' in a figurative way . " " apparently . got a problem with that ? " " no , just finding it amusing that language can twist to the point that a word comes to mean its own opposite
eng	you ought to ask him for advice .
eng	what do you think is the
eng	best way to learn english ?
eng	doubtless there exists in this world precisely the right woman for any given man to marry and vice versa ; but when you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only
eng	a few hundred people , and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately , and out of the dozen , one or two friends at most , it will easily be seen , when we
eng	didn't you write a letter to him ?
eng	the position requires applicants to
eng	be skilled in spoken english .
eng	when she got to the town gates , and saw the young men and maids gossiping round the pond , and her mother sitting among them with a bundle of sticks she had picked up in the woods , inge turned away
eng	you need only ask him to pay the debt .
eng	when he writes english ,
eng	he often consults the dictionary .
eng	these words reached down into inge's heart , and they seemed to do her good . it was the first time that any one said " poor inger , " without adding anything about her misdeeds . a little innocent
eng	you told him that he should have a reward .
eng	when writing english , she
eng	rarely makes a mistake .
eng	then inger again heard her name pronounced , and saw above her head what seemed to be two bright stars ; they were in fact two kind eyes which were closing on earth . so many years had gone by since
eng	i don't think you can gain his ear .
eng	you should persist in your
eng	efforts to learn english .
eng	in the course of the winter the bird had collected and given away so many crumbs of bread that they equalled in weight the whole loaf which little inge had stepped upon to keep her shoes clean . when
eng	you ought to thank him .
eng	all students of english should have a
eng	good english - english dictionary at hand .
eng	when she came back she had hundreds of things to tell them , but the most delightful of all , she said , was to lie in the moonlight , on a sandbank in a calm sea , and to gaze at the large town close
eng	to the shore , where the lights twinkled like hundreds of stars ; to listen to music and the noise and bustle of carriages and people , to see the many church towers and spires , and to hear the bells
eng	you have only to give him a little help .
eng	to study english is important
eng	for today's young people .
eng	i was on board a ship which was wrecked ; i was driven on shore by the waves close to a holy temple where several young girls were ministering at a service ; the youngest of them found me on the beach
eng	you will do well to leave him .
eng	students of english often mix up
eng	the words 'lie' and 'lay' .
eng	at night , in the moonlight , when all were asleep , except the steersman who stood at the helm , she sat at the side of the ship trying to pierce the clear water with her eyes , and fancied she saw
eng	can you swim as fast as he ?
eng	those who learn english cannot
eng	do without english dictionaries .
eng	then she saw her sisters rise from the water , they were as pale as she was , their beautiful long hair no longer floated on the breeze , for it had been cut off . " we have given it to the witch
eng	to obtain her help , so that you may not die to - night ! she has given us a knife , here it is , look how sharp it is ! before the sun rises , you must plunge it into the prince's heart , and when
eng	you had better not keep company with him .
eng	the best way to learn english
eng	is to go to america .
eng	the reader will doubtless take up this little work with an incredulous smile , supposing that he is about to peruse the impracticable schemes of some good citizen of utopia . i would , therefore ,
eng	you can trust him to keep his word .
eng	i don't think that there is any better way
eng	to learn english than by living in america .
eng	on this he burst forth into a tremendous passion , took leave of the mother with maledictions , and as he left the apartment , turned back to say to his weak , if not fickle , mistresss : “for you
eng	do you know who he is ?
eng	someone who knows english well
eng	must have written this .
eng	a bull , stimulated either by the scarlet colour of miss ashton's mantle , or by one of those fits of capricious ferocity to which their dispositions are liable , detached himself suddenly from the
eng	group which was feeding at the upper extremity of a grassy glade , that seemed to lose itself among the crossing and entangled boughs . the animal approached the intruders on his pasture ground ,
eng	i'm certain of your success .
eng	i do not support the theory that one has
eng	to study latin in order to understand english better .
eng	he raised lucy from the ground in his arms , and conveying her through the glades of the forest by paths with which he seemed well acquainted , stopped not until he laid her in safety by the side
eng	you should not give him up for lost .
eng	you're much less likely to get a
eng	good position if you don't speak english .
eng	but now the vault which had covered the fountain being broken down and riven , and the gothic font ruined and demolished , the stream burst forth from the recess of the earth in open day , and winded
eng	you work as hard as he did at your age .
eng	i like english so much , but
eng	sometimes it is very difficult for me .
eng	the hermit maintained and bucklered his opinion , by quotations from malleus malificarum , sprengerus , remigius , and other learned demonologists , that the evil one , thus seduced to remain behind
eng	have you ever seen him swimming ?
eng	english is spoken by more
eng	people than any other language .
eng	beautiful and pale as the fabulous naiad in the last agony of separation from her lover , she was seated so as to rest with her back against a part of the ruined wall , while her mantle , dripping
eng	do you think he made that mistake on purpose ?
eng	english is spoken in many
eng	countries around the world .
eng	" this gentleman , " said sir william ashton , " will , i trust , not regret the trouble we have given him , when i assure him of the gratitude of the lord keeper for the greatest service which one
eng	what subject do you think he is interested in ?
eng	english is as fine a means of
eng	communication as any in the world .
eng	not the feelings which ravenswood had begun to entertain towards lucy ashton , not the hospitality due to his guests , were able entirely to subdue , though they warmly combated , the deep passions
eng	don't you know that he passed away two years ago ?
eng	english is by far the most widely
eng	- spoken language in the world .
eng	thus was the master a second time engaged in the most delicate and dangerous of all tasks , that of affording support and assistance to a beautiful and helpless being , who , as seen before in a similar
eng	you should get your hair cut .
eng	english is a very important
eng	language in today's world .
eng	the whole struck her as so ridiculous that , despite every effort to the contrary , she burst into a fit of incontrollable laughter , in which she was joined by her father , though with more moderation
eng	you must be a fool .
eng	english is just one of over 2
eng	, 700 languages in the world today .
eng	i have known a rogue make a better defence than an innocent man could have done in the same circumstances of suspicion . having no consciousness of innocence to support him , such a fellow applies
eng	can you ride a horse ?
eng	english has now become the common language
eng	of several nations in the world .
eng	the exquisite feminine beauty of her countenance , now shaded only by a profusion of sunny tresses ; the sylph - like form , disencumbered of her heavy riding - skirt and mantled in azure silk ; the
eng	you can't ride a horse .
eng	english is a universal language and
eng	is used all over the world .
eng	lucy commenced some apology for their long delay , but , conscience - struck , became confused as she proceeded ; and when ravenswood , coming to her assistance , endeavoured to render the explanation
eng	you should work hard .
eng	english is taught almost all
eng	over the world today .
eng	she was silent , and he went on with increasing vehemence : “i am still that edgar ravenswood who , for your affection , renounced the dear ties by which injured honour bound him to seek vengeance
eng	you must study hard .
eng	the english language is cognate
eng	to the german language .
eng	the fatal weapon was found in the chamber smeared with blood . it was the same poniard which henry should have worn on the wedding - day , and the unhappy sister had probably contrived to secrete
eng	you don't have a temperature .
eng	english is a language
eng	abounding in idiomatic expressions .
eng	“i wish you all , ” he said , “my friends , to understand , however , that i have neither story to tell nor injuries to avenge . if a lady shall question me henceforward upon the incident of that
eng	unhappy night , i shall remain silent , and in future consider her as one who has shown herself desirous to break of her friendship with me ; in a word , i will never speak to her again . but if a
eng	you must not come in .
eng	english , as you know ,
eng	is very much a living language .
eng	that she might internally feel compunction , and reconcile herself with heaven , whom she had offended , we will not , and we dare not , deny ; but to those around her she did not evince the slightest
eng	must you work on sunday ?
eng	how are you getting along
eng	with your english study ?
eng	“we have put up major buildings . we’ve put up expanses of concrete . we’ve introduced a completely different vegetation , and in many cases , that’s led to a reduction of biodiversity because a lot
eng	you don't have to go to school on sunday .
eng	when you're reading an english book , it isn't a
eng	great idea to look up every word you don't know .
eng	the more people i asked , they said ‘when you find out something about cheetahs let us know . they don’t do well in captivity . they have a very short life span and we’re losing them throughout the
eng	what do you usually do on sundays ?
eng	in english , the usual sentence structure
eng	is subject - verb - object/complement .
eng	failure to meet global climate goals could lead to warming of five degrees celsius in the himalayan mountains and a loss of two - thirds of the region’s glaciers by the year 2100 , with disastrous
eng	are you a japanese student ?
eng	i still can't get the
eng	knack of english pronunciation .
eng	“in an urban environment , you don’t have that many spaces to choose from , and so rooftops are just unutilized space , ” said caitlin arlotta , a graduate student in the school’s urban agriculture
eng	do you keep a diary ?
eng	i can't find any logic to english spelling
eng	. “ghoti” can be pronounced as “fish . ”
eng	braxton said he didn’t want to give up high school despite being ready to pursue a bachelor’s degree . “i get to have a normal high school experience , which is nice , ” he said . “i don’t have to
eng	do you know how to cook meat ?
eng	when it comes to learning english words
eng	by heart , nobody can beat him .
eng	customer nooni reatig , an architect who works nearby , has been convinced . “at first , i was skeptical about the whole , whole grain , " she admits . " but i tasted jonathan's bread and it’s not
eng	you could count to ten when you were two .
eng	english words are often
eng	borrowed by other languages .
eng	it began in 1908 when 15 , 000 women garment workers went on strike and marched through the streets of new york , demanding shorter work hours , better pay and voting rights . in 1910 , a german woman
eng	you work too hard .
eng	" why are you studying english so hard
eng	? " " to be an english teacher . "
eng	ahead of the international women's day , the international rescue committee has released a report on the five most dangerous places in the world to be an adolescent girl . taking into consideration
eng	data on child marriage , adolescent birth rates , literacy , rates of violence and child labor , the irc named niger , yemen , bangladesh , south sudan and the central african republic as the most
eng	you can't feel at ease with a headache .
eng	the future of english seems to
eng	be leading in three directions .
eng	" let me be clear . sexual and gender - based violence in conflict is not only a horrendous and life - changing crime , most often perpetrated against women and girls . it is also used as a tactic
eng	of war , to terrorize families , dehumanize communities and destabilize societies , so that they struggle to recover for years or even decades after the guns fall silent , " u . n . secretary - general
eng	you are too clever not to solve the hard problem .
eng	we listened to the teacher
eng	during the english lesson .
eng	on its website , the u . n . has collected stories of women who have made a difference in their communities . stories such as that of nur nahar , a refugee from myanmar who has taken it upon herself
eng	you know the answer ?
eng	i don't like the new textbook for my
eng	english class ; i prefer the original .
eng	compared to salem chaker , a renowned linguisit and staunch believer in the unity of the berber language , those so - called linguists who claim that kabyle , a berber dialect , is a language on its
eng	do you live here ?
eng	in english class , sometimes we sit in a
eng	circle to talk about a book we are reading .
eng	the author of esperanto lacked a clear concept of the endless struggle existing , more or less acutely at times , between social classes . he didn't see that the causes of war lay in the principles
eng	i take it for granted that you will join .
eng	the student , who failed in a test in
eng	english , was inspired by his friend's words .
eng	and jacob being angry said in a chiding manner : for what fault of mine , and for what offence on my part hast thou so hotly pursued me , and searched all my household stuff ? what hast thou found
eng	i took it for granted that you were on my side .
eng	in english examinations , she always gets good
eng	marks , not to say straight as .
eng	and he commanded them , saying : thus shall ye speak to my lord esau : thus saith thy brother jacob : i have sojourned with laban , and have been with him until this day . i have oxen , and asses
eng	you don't go to school on sunday , do you ?
eng	i keep a large dictionary close at
eng	hand when i read english magazines .
eng	and when he had slept there that night , he set apart , of the things which he had , presents for his brother esau : two hundred she - goats , twenty he - goats , two hundred ewes , and twenty rams
eng	you had better study english thoroughly .
eng	some students like english ,
eng	and others like physics .
eng	in like manner he commanded the second , and the third , and all that followed the droves , saying : speak ye the same words to esau , when ye find him . and ye shall add : thy servant jacob himself
eng	you may as well leave at once .
eng	you will derive great
eng	benefits from learning english .
eng	these conditions can be changed and the interest of the working class upheld only by an organization formed in such a way that all its members in any one industry , or in all industries if necessary
eng	you must go home at once .
eng	my mark for the english examination was close
eng	to the average mark of the class .
eng	one thing there is for which so great a good is deferred : we must circumcise every male among us , following the manner of the nation . and their substance , and cattle , and all that they possess
eng	it is necessary for you to see a doctor at once .
eng	are you going to take part
eng	in the english speech contest ?
eng	and behold the third day , when the pain of the wound was greatest : two of the sons of jacob , simeon and levi , the brothers of dina , taking their swords , entered boldly into the city and slew
eng	you must be a late riser .
eng	try to speak english as often as possible
eng	if you want to improve your english .
eng	and when they had boldly perpetrated these things , jacob said to simeon and levi : you have troubled me , and made me hateful to the chanaanites and pherezites , the inhabitants of this land . we
eng	what do you have for breakfast ?
eng	as far as english is concerned
eng	, nobody can beat me .
eng	and the two angels came to sodom in the evening , and lot was sitting in the gate of the city . and seeing them , he rose up and went to meet them : and worshipped prostrate to the ground . and said
eng	do you have bread for lunch ?
eng	it is estimated that there are over
eng	half a million words in english .
eng	the name algeria comes from " al - jazair " which means " islands " in arabic . the country is named after its capital city which , in turn , was named after four little islands that were located
eng	how do you account for your being late ?
eng	some english words have two spellings - " gray
eng	" and " grey " , for example .
eng	and when the water in the bottle was spent , she cast the boy under one of the trees that were there . and she went her way , and sat over against him a great way off , as far as a bow can carry ,
eng	you won't be late , will you ?
eng	i spoke to him in english and
eng	found i could make myself understood .
eng	and the angel of the lord called to abraham a second time from heaven , saying : by my own self have i sworn , saith the lord : because thou hast done this thing , and hast not spared thy only begotten
eng	son for my sake : i will bless thee , and i will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven , and as the sand that is by the sea shore ; thy seed shall possess the gates of their enemies . and in thy
eng	all you have to do is apologize for being late .
eng	written in english , this book
eng	is easy for me to read .
eng	abraham rose up , and bowed down to the people of the land , to wit , the children of heth : and said to them : if it please your soul that i should bury my dead , hear me , and intercede for me to
eng	ephron the son of seor . that he may give me the double cave , which he hath in the end of his field : for as much money as it is worth he shall give it me before you , for a possession of a burying
eng	you must have stayed up late .
eng	it was not so simple to
eng	write a letter in english .
eng	now ephron dwelt in the midst of the children of heth . and ephron made answer to abraham in the hearing of all that went in at the gate of the city , saying : let it not be so , my lord , but do
eng	you must be back on sunday at the latest .
eng	it is difficult to express
eng	one's thoughts in english .
eng	and the field that before was ephron's , wherein was the double cave , looking towards mambre , both it and the cave , and all the trees thereof , in all its limits round about , was made sure to
eng	sooner or later , you will regret your idleness .
eng	we were allowed to speak either
eng	in english or in japanese .
eng	and he said to the elder servant of his house , who was ruler over all he had : put thy hand under my thigh , that i may make thee swear by the lord , the god of heaven and earth , that thou take
eng	you'll learn how to do it sooner or later .
eng	as far as english is concerned , she
eng	is second to none in her class .
eng	now , therefore , the maid to whom i shall say : let down thy pitcher that i may drink : and she shall answer , drink , and i will give thy camels drink also : let it be the same whom thou hast provided
eng	you ought to be ashamed .
eng	in the english language many words
eng	contain letters which are not pronounced .
eng	and rebecca had a brother , named laban , who went out in haste to the man , to the well . and when he had seen the earrings and bracelets in his sister's hands , and had heard all that she related
eng	, saying , thus and thus the man spoke to me : he came to the man who stood by the camels , and near to the spring of water , and said to him : come in , thou blessed of the lord ; why standest thou
eng	you should have refused his request flatly .
eng	it would be a great convenience if
eng	english were to become everybody's major language .
eng	and i came today to the well of water , and said : o lord god of my master , abraham , if thou hast prospered my way , wherein i now walk , behold , i stand by the well of water , and the virgin ,
eng	that shall come out to draw water , who shall hear me say : give me a little water to drink of thy pitcher : and shall say to me : both drink thou , and i will also draw for thy camels : let the same
eng	who are you waiting for ?
eng	some are good at english ,
eng	and others are good at mathematics .
eng	and they answered : we saw that the lord is with thee , and therefore we said : let there be an oath between us , and let us make a covenant , that thou do us no harm , as we on our part have touched
eng	you must build up your courage .
eng	there is no denying that english is the
eng	most widely spoken language in the world .
eng	and his father said to him , thou seest that i am old , and know not the day of my death . take thy arms , thy quiver , and bow , and go abroad ; and when thou hast taken something by hunting , make
eng	whom are you speaking of ?
eng	it goes without saying that
eng	english is an international language .
eng	and esau seeing that his father had blessed jacob , and had sent him into mesopotamia of syria , to marry a wife thence ; and that after the blessing he had charged him , saying : thou shalt not take
eng	you may invite whomever you like .
eng	proficient in english , he is
eng	looked on as a good teacher .
eng	and he made a vow , saying : if god shall be with me , and shall keep me in the way , by which i walk , and shall give me bread to eat , and raiment to put on , and i shall return prosperously to
eng	my father's house : the lord shall be my god : and this stone , which i have set up for a title , shall be called the house of god : and of all things that thou shalt give to me , i will offer tithes
eng	are you meeting someone here ?
eng	however , it is good if
eng	one can speak english well .
eng	through the discovery of the new world and its inhabitants , theologists were in a quandary , which they tried to overcome in various ways . thus the doctrine came about that there were other ancestors
eng	besides adam in other parts of the world . grand inquisitor tomás de torquemada believed that humans and animals had been carried by angels across the ocean . and still others , such as the jesuit
eng	your reading is very advanced .
eng	if you want to be fluent in english
eng	, you've got to keep at it .
eng	and joseph found favour in the sight of his master , and ministered to him : and being set over all by him , he governed the house committed to him , and all things that were delivered to him : and
eng	can you tell wheat from barley ?
eng	the swimmer , cindy nicholas , barely made it ashore at dover at the end of the exhausting
eng	swim , but a spokesman from the channel swimming association announced that she was in very good shape .
eng	but he in no wise consenting to that wicked act said to her : behold , my master hath delivered all things to me , and knoweth not what he hath in his own house : neither is there any thing which
eng	you look very pale .
eng	the swimmer raised his head
eng	and gasped for breath .
eng	and when the woman saw the garment in her hands , and herself disregarded , she called to her the men of her house , and said to them : see , he hath brought in a hebrew , to abuse us : he came in
eng	i'm proud of you .
eng	if you'd like to continue to improve your
eng	swimming , just keep on practicing every day .
eng	the chief butler first told his dream : i saw before me a vine , on which were three branches , which by little and little sent out buds , and after the blossoms brought forth ripe grapes : and the
eng	you're running a big risk in trusting him .
eng	years of hardship had not caused
eng	him to lose his faith .
eng	the third day after this was the birthday of pharaoh : and he made a great feast for his servants , and at the banquet remembered the chief butler , and the chief baker . and he restored the one to
eng	what do you want to be when you grow up ?
eng	they did not have permanent homes , so
eng	they did not plant crops for food .
eng	i awoke , and then fell asleep again , and dreamed a dream : seven ears of corn grew up upon one stalk , full and very fair . other seven also thin and blasted , sprung of the stalk : and they devoured
eng	you may take either the big box or the small one .
eng	there were already a lot of people waiting in
eng	a line in front of the movie theater .
eng	and the seven lean and thin kine that came up after them , and the seven thin ears that were blasted with the burning wind , are seven years of famine to come : which shall be fulfilled in this order
eng	. behold , there shall come seven years of great plenty in the whole land of egypt , after which shall follow other seven years of so great scarcity , that all the abundance before shall be forgotten
eng	you look bored .
eng	i was angry about missing
eng	that film at the cinema .
eng	now therefore let the king provide a wise and industrious man , and make him ruler over the land of egypt . that he may appoint overseers over all the countries : and gather into barns the fifth part
eng	of the fruits , during the seven fruitful years , that shall now presently ensue : and let all the corn be laid up , under pharaoh's hands , and be reserved in the cities . and let it be in readiness
eng	do you like to be kept waiting ?
eng	the movie got more and more exciting , until at length
eng	, people were sitting on the edge of their chairs .
eng	and one of them opening his sack , to give his beast provender in the inn , saw the money in the sack's mouth , and said to his brethren : my money is given me again ; behold it is in the sack . and
eng	all you have to do is to take care of yourself .
eng	the show was so boring that
eng	ann and i fell asleep .
eng	and he said to us : hereby shall i know that you are peaceable men : leave one of your brethren with me , and take ye necessary provision for your houses , and go your ways , and bring your youngest
eng	you may have read this book already .
eng	i think a movie is
eng	more entertaining than any book .
eng	when they had told this , they poured out their corn , and every man found his money tied in the mouth of his sack : and all being astonished together , their father jacob said : you have made me
eng	you will be up against many difficulties .
eng	i would have liked to see the ending of the
eng	film , but i had to leave the theater .
eng	wherefore , going up to the steward of the house , at the door , they said : sir , we desire thee to hear us . we came down once before to buy food : and when we had bought , and were come to the
eng	you mustn't depend on others for help .
eng	which would you rather do , go
eng	to the cinema or stay at home ?
eng	they sat before him , the firstborn according to his birthright , and the youngest according to his age . and they wondered very much ; taking the messes which they received of him : and the greater
eng	you are too critical of others' shortcomings .
eng	i would rather stay at home
eng	than go to the movies .
eng	and when they were now departed out of the city , and had gone forward a little way : joseph sending for the steward of his house , said : arise , and pursue after the men : and when thou hast overtaken
eng	can you throw a fastball ?
eng	i don't feel like going to the
eng	movies . let's take a walk instead .
eng	he ordered also to be brought out for every one of them two robes : but to benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver , with five robes of the best , sending to his father as much money and raiment
eng	you depend too much on others .
eng	if you go to the movies
eng	, take your sister with you .
eng	and jacob rose up from beersheba : and the sons of israel carried jacob their father , and their little ones , and their wives , in the wagons which pharaoh had sent to carry him . and they took their
eng	cattle , and their goods , which they had gotten in the land of canaan , and came into egypt , jacob , and all his seed with him : his sons , and his sons' sons with him , his daughters , and his
eng	you have foul breath .
eng	the movie was so dull that
eng	the audience left one by one .
eng	and when he shall call you , and shall say : what is your occupation ? you shall answer : we , thy servants , are shepherds , from our infancy until now , both we and our fathers . and this you shall
eng	you are too sensitive to noise .
eng	the dinosaurs in the film " jurassic
eng	park " were true to life .
eng	and pharaoh spake unto joseph , saying , thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee : the land of egypt is before thee ; in the best of the land make thy father and brethren to dwell ; in the
eng	you look tiny next to a sumo wrestler .
eng	we must not speak ill
eng	of others behind their backs .
eng	and joseph brought in jacob his father , and set him before pharaoh : and jacob blessed pharaoh . and pharaoh said unto jacob , how old art thou ? and jacob said unto pharaoh , the days of the years
eng	of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty years : few and evil have the days of the years of my life been , and have not attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days
eng	you know quite a lot about sumo .
eng	we need to reorganize it in
eng	order to strengthen our business activities .
eng	and it shall come to pass , when pharaoh shall call you , and shall say , what is your occupation ? that ye shall say , thy servants' trade hath been about cattle from our youth even until now , both
eng	you're giving me the same old line .
eng	mt . unzen is such a nice
eng	place that many people visit there .
eng	and joseph placed his father and his brethren , and gave them a possession in the land of egypt , in the best of the land , in the land of rameses , as pharaoh had commanded . and joseph nourished
eng	you look as healthy as ever .
eng	since it's cloudy with a chance of
eng	rain today , we shouldn't go surfing .
eng	and when he saw that the day of his death drew nigh , he called his son joseph , and said to him : if i have found favour in thy sight , put thy hand under my thigh ; and thou shalt shew me this kindness
eng	you are to apologize to her for it .
eng	if there were no clouds ,
eng	we could not enjoy the sun .
eng	and when joseph was come in to him , he said : god almighty appeared to me at luza , which is in the land of canaan , and he blessed me , and said : i will cause thee to increase and multiply , and
eng	all you have to do is try your best .
eng	the clouds are getting darker
eng	; it's going to rain .
eng	and jacob blessed the sons of joseph , and said : god , in whose sight my fathers abraham and isaac walked , god that feedeth me from my youth until this day : the angel that delivereth me from all
eng	you are a good student .
eng	i would rather kill myself than
eng	reconcile myself to my fate .
eng	this morning the first thing he said was , 'where does the dark go , anne ? i want to know . ' i told him it went around to the other side of the world but after breakfast he declared it didn't .
eng	can't you tell right from wrong ?
eng	my muscular strength has weakened
eng	from lack of exercise .
eng	and he charged them , saying : i am now going to be gathered to my people : bury me with my fathers in the double cave , which is in the field of ephron the hethite , over against mambre , in the
eng	you should distinguish between right and wrong .
eng	the athletes trained hard every day to be
eng	at their best for the summer olympics .
eng	and the time of the mourning being expired , joseph spoke to the family of pharaoh : if i have found favour in your sight , speak in the ears of pharaoh . for my father made me swear to him , saying
eng	you would do well to tell it to him in advance .
eng	what with having no exercise and being
eng	overweight , he had a heart attack .
eng	while small - minded , xenophobic or outrightly racist people falsely believe that only persons of anglo - saxon or german origin are to be considered americans , the united states has long prided
eng	you will have heard this story before .
eng	exercise , if carried to excess ,
eng	will do you more harm than good .
eng	and god spoke to noah , saying : go out of the ark , thou and thy wife , thy sons and the wives of thy sons with thee . all living things that are with thee of all flesh , as well in fowls as in beasts
eng	you made the same mistake as last time .
eng	exercise is to the body what
eng	thinking is to the brain .
eng	thus also said god to noah , and to his sons with him : behold i will establish my covenant with you , and with your seed after you : and with every living soul that is with you , as well in all birds
eng	are you for the war or against it ?
eng	it is refreshing to take
eng	a shower after exercising .
eng	in the meantime there arose a new king over egypt , that knew not joseph . and he said to his people : behold the people of the children of israel are numerous and stronger than we . come let us wisely
eng	do you believe war will start ?
eng	we tend to forget that exercise
eng	is a key to good health .
eng	naomi said , " go back , my daughters . why do you want to go with me ? do i still have sons in my womb , that they may be your husbands ? go back , my daughters , go your way ; for i am too old to
eng	have a husband . if i should say , 'i have hope , ' if i should even have a husband tonight , and should also bear sons , would you then wait until they were grown ? would you then refrain from having
eng	you should follow your teacher's advice .
eng	did you have your photograph
eng	taken for the driver's license ?
eng	ruth said , " don't urge me to leave you , and to return from following you , for where you go , i will go ; and where you stay , i will stay . your people will be my people , and your god my god
eng	you ought to ask for your teacher's permission .
eng	having a driver's license is
eng	an advantage for this job .
eng	the servant who was set over the reapers answered , " it is the moabite lady who came back with naomi out of the country of moab . she said , 'please let me glean and gather after the reapers among
eng	you may as well ask for your teacher's advice .
eng	when you are driving , you
eng	should make way for ambulances .
eng	then boaz said to ruth , " listen , my daughter . don’t go to glean in another field , and don’t go from here , but stay here close to my maidens . let your eyes be on the field that they reap , and
eng	you ran a red light .
eng	passengers shall not converse with the driver
eng	while the bus is in motion .
eng	boaz answered her , " i have been told all about what you have done for your mother - in - law since the death of your husband , and how you have left your father , your mother , and the land of your
eng	birth , and have come to a people that you didn’t know before . may the lord repay your work , and a full reward be given to you from the lord , the god of israel , under whose wings you have come
eng	you should swear on the bible .
eng	not being watchful , the driver
eng	failed to stop in time .
eng	she sat beside the reapers , and they passed her parched grain . she ate , was satisfied , and left some of it . when she had risen up to glean , boaz commanded his young men , saying , " let her
eng	you must cultivate your mind .
eng	the driver could not distinguish
eng	the signal in the fog .
eng	so she gleaned in the field until evening ; and she beat out that which she had gleaned , and it was about an ephah of barley . she took it up , and went into the city . then her mother - in - law
eng	can you eat raw oysters ?
eng	" well , i guess i'm going to
eng	get a driver's license , " he answered .
eng	she told her mother - in - law with whom she had worked , " the man’s name with whom i worked today is boaz . " naomi said to her daughter - in - law , “may he be blessed by the lord , who has not
eng	you are made to be a poet .
eng	the driver is responsible for
eng	the safety of the passengers .
eng	naomi , her mother - in - law , said to her , " my daughter , shall i not seek rest for you , that it may be well with you ? now isn't boaz our kinsman , with whose maidens you were ? behold , he
eng	will be winnowing barley tonight on the threshing floor . therefore wash yourself , anoint yourself , get dressed , and go down to the threshing floor ; but don’t make yourself known to the man until
eng	he has finished eating and drinking . it shall be , when he lies down , that you shall note the place where he is lying . then you shall go in , uncover his feet , and lay down . then he will tell
eng	you seem an honest man .
eng	the driver was thrown from
eng	his seat head over heels .
eng	she said to her , " all that you say , i will do . " she went down to the threshing floor , and did everything that her mother - in - law told her . when boaz had eaten and drunk , and his heart was
eng	merry , he went to lie down at the end of the heap of grain . she came softly , uncovered his feet , and laid down . at midnight , the man was startled and turned himself ; and behold , a woman lay
eng	you seem to be an honest man .
eng	the drivers began arguing about who
eng	was to blame for the accident .
eng	he said , " you are blessed by the lord , my daughter . you have shown more kindness in the latter end than at the beginning , because you didn’t follow young men , whether poor or rich . now , my
eng	daughter , don’t be afraid . i will do to you all that you say ; for all the city of my people knows that you are a worthy woman . now it is true that i am a near kinsman . however , there is a kinsman
eng	nearer than i . stay this night , and in the morning , if he will perform for you the part of a kinsman , good . let him do the kinsman's duty . but if he will not do the duty of a kinsman for you
eng	you didn't have to dress .
eng	it was obvious that the driver
eng	had not been careful enough .
eng	she lay at his feet until the morning , then she rose up before one could discern another . for he said , " let it not be known that the woman came to the threshing floor . " he said , " bring the
eng	you have to get this work finished by noon .
eng	i got my driver's license on the second
eng	time i tried to pass the driver's test .
eng	he said to the near kinsman , " naomi , who has come back out of the country of moab , is selling the parcel of land , which was our brother elimelech's . i thought i should tell you , saying , 'buy
eng	it before those who sit here , and before the elders of my people . ' if you will redeem it , redeem it ; but if you will not redeem it , then tell me , that i may know . for there is no one to redeem
eng	i should think you are right .
eng	he managed to pass his driving test
eng	even though he was a poor driver .
eng	now this was the custom in former time in israel concerning redeeming and concerning exchanging , to confirm all things : a man took off his sandal , and gave it to his neighbor ; and this was the
eng	you may be right , but i am against your opinion .
eng	you have to look out for
eng	other cars when you drive .
eng	boaz said to the elders and to all the people , " you are witnesses today , that i have bought all that was elimelech's , and all that was chilion's and mahlon's , from the hand of naomi . moreover
eng	, ruth the moabite , the wife of mahlon , i have purchased to be my wife , to raise up the name of the dead on his inheritance , that the name of the dead may not be cut off from among his brothers
eng	are you concerned with politics ?
eng	you should concentrate on the
eng	road when you're driving .
eng	all the people who were in the gate , and the elders , said , " we are witnesses . may the lord make the woman who has come into your house like rachel and like leah , which both built the house of
eng	israel ; and treat you worthily in ephrathah , and be famous in bethlehem . let your house be like the house of perez , whom tamar bore to judah , of the offspring which the lord will give you by
eng	you can get ahead in the world .
eng	allan was lucky and passed
eng	the tax accountant examination .
eng	so boaz took ruth and she became his wife ; and he went in to her , and the lord enabled her to conceive , and she bore a son . the women said to naomi , " blessed be the lord , who has not left you
eng	today without a near kinsman . let his name be famous in israel . he shall be to you a restorer of life and sustain you in your old age ; for your daughter - in - law , who loves you , who is better
eng	to you than seven sons , has given birth to him . " naomi took the child , laid him in her bosom , and became nurse to him . the women , her neighbors , gave him a name , saying , " a son is born
eng	he is ignorant of the world .
eng	as good luck would have it , a
eng	steamer passed by and they were saved .
eng	now this is the history of the generations of perez : perez became the father of hezron , and hezron became the father of ram , and ram became the father of amminadab , and amminadab became the father
eng	of nahshon , and nahshon became the father of salmon , and salmon became the father of boaz , and boaz became the father of obed , and obed became the father of jesse , and jesse became the father
eng	you will find it stated a few pages further on .
eng	the media got wind of a rumor
eng	about his engagement and came quickly .
eng	they and every beast according to its kind , and all the cattle in their kind , and every thing that moveth upon the earth , according to its kind , and every fowl according to its kind , all birds
eng	are you fond of swimming ?
eng	if you tell too many lies ,
eng	people won't ever believe your words .
eng	they and every beast according to its kind , and all the cattle in their kind , and every thing that moves upon the earth according to its kind , and every fowl according to its kind , all birds ,
eng	you will soon get used to speaking in public .
eng	you're always lying - that's why people don't take
eng	you seriously . you get what you deserve .
eng	i would have thee to understand this , and would tell thee before all that sit here , and before the ancients of my people . if thou wilt take possession of it by the right of kindred : buy it , and
eng	possess it : but if it please thee not , tell me so , that i may know what i have to do . for there is no near kinsman besides thee , who art first , and me , who am second . but he answered : i will
eng	you must not lose sight of your goal in life .
eng	he was angry at the
eng	suggestion that he was dishonest .
eng	and knowing their sorrow , i am come down to deliver them out of the hands of the egyptians , and to bring them out of that land into a good and spacious land , into a land that floweth with milk
eng	you were kind to help me .
eng	we should lay on a second coat of
eng	paint for better protection against the weather .
eng	and i will give favour to this people , in the sight of the egyptians : and when you go forth , you shall not depart empty . but every woman shall ask of her neighbour , and of her that is in her
eng	can you break away from your parents ?
eng	although rainforests make up only two percent of the earth's surface , over
eng	half the world's wild plant , animal and insect species live there .
eng	go to him in the morning , behold he will go out to the waters : and thou shalt stand to meet him on the bank of the river : and thou shalt take in thy hand the rod that was turned into a serpent
eng	do you believe in god ?
eng	in case of rain , the
eng	athletic meeting will be called off .
eng	the lord also said to moses : say to aaron , take thy rod ; and stretch forth thy hand upon the waters of egypt , and upon their rivers , and streams and pools , and all the ponds of waters , that
eng	it's time for you to buy a new car .
eng	there is no telling when the
eng	rainy season will be over .
eng	and the river shall bring forth an abundance of frogs ; which shall come up and enter into thy house , and thy bedchamber , and upon thy bed , and into the houses of thy servants , and to thy people
eng	it is high time you started a new business .
eng	what with the rain and a bad hotel
eng	, we didn't enjoy our holiday much .
eng	and the lord said to moses : go in to pharaoh ; for i have hardened his heart , and the heart of his servants : that i may work these my signs in him , and thou mayst tell in the ears of thy sons
eng	how thoughtless of you to do that .
eng	i don't think it will rain , but
eng	i'll take an umbrella in case it does .
eng	and pharaoh answered : so be the lord with you , as i shall let you and your children go : who can doubt but that you intend some great evil ? it shall not be so , but go ye men only , and sacrifice
eng	you can rely on him . he never lets you down .
eng	though it stopped raining , the
eng	wind was still blowing hard .
eng	and moses stretched forth his rod upon the land of egypt : and the lord brought a burning wind all that day , and night ; and when it was morning , the burning wind raised the locusts . and they came
eng	you must clear the table .
eng	does the amount of rain
eng	affect the growth of crops ?
eng	moses said : thou shalt give us also sacrifices and burnt - offerings , to the lord our god . all the flocks shall go with us ; there shall not a hoof remain of them : for they are necessary for the
eng	do you wash your hands before meals ?
eng	i go to the office by
eng	bicycle except on rainy days .
eng	tom was filled with deep - seated , seething hatred of john and wanted to kill him , to strike him with a club or with a sword . however , he could not do that . he had to remain loyal to him as his
eng	i think you'd better go on a diet .
eng	how will they amuse the
eng	children on a wet afternoon ?
eng	and when your children shall say to you : what is the meaning of this service ? you shall say to them : it is the victim of the passage of the lord , when he passed over the houses of the children
eng	you really have a passion for food .
eng	i would rather stay at home
eng	than go out in the rain .
eng	and when the lord shall have brought thee into the land of the canaanite , and the hethite , and the amorrhite , and the hevite , and the jebusite , which he swore to thy fathers that he would give
eng	you had better not eat too much .
eng	he caught a chill because he
eng	went out in the rain .
eng	and when the lord shall have brought thee into the land of the canaanite , as he swore to thee and thy fathers , and shall give it thee : thou shalt set apart all that openeth the womb for the lord
eng	you had better be careful not to overeat .
eng	we had to call off the
eng	baseball game because of the rain .
eng	and when thy son shall ask thee to morrow , saying : what is this ? thou shalt answer him : with a strong hand did the lord bring us forth out of the land of egypt , out of the house of bondage .
eng	for when pharaoh was hardened , and would not let us go , the lord slew every firstborn in the land of egypt , from the firstborn of man to the firstborn of beasts : therefore i sacrifice to the lord
eng	you must account for your neglect of duty .
eng	the rain compelled the water
eng	to run over the banks .
eng	and when pharaoh had sent out the people , the lord led them not by the way of the land of the philistines , which is near ; thinking lest perhaps they would repent , if they should see wars arise
eng	you are way off track .
eng	the rain prevented us from
eng	finishing our game of tennis .
eng	and when pharaoh drew near , the children of israel lifting up their eyes , saw the egyptians behind them : and they feared exceedingly , and cried to the lord . and they said to moses : perhaps there
eng	are you in jest or in earnest ?
eng	owing to the rain , the
eng	athletic meeting was put off .
eng	and the angel of god , who went before the camp of israel , removing , went behind them : and together with him the pillar of the cloud , leaving the forepart , stood behind , between the egyptians'
eng	you had better take a little rest .
eng	the rain prevented us
eng	from playing tennis outside .
eng	there he appointed him ordinances , and judgments , and there he proved him , saying : if thou wilt hear the voice of the lord thy god , and do what is right before him , and obey his commandments
eng	i think you'd better take a rest ; you look ill .
eng	the rain prevented the boys from
eng	playing baseball on the playground .
eng	at a parents’ evening , parents come together with the homeroom teacher in the school . at a parents’ day , each subject teacher , including the homeroom teacher , remains in a classroom , and the
eng	you're going too far .
eng	because of the rain , the
eng	audience at the concert was small .
eng	the history of american residential architecture has always been kind of like an all - you - can - eat buffet , " says architect susan piedmont - palladino , director of virginia tech's washington
eng	alexandria architecture center . " we can borrow anybody's style of architecture and i'm not sure that's the attitude in other countries around the world . i also think we're dominated by the single
eng	what do you want to do in the future ?
eng	the rain made it impossible for
eng	us to go on the picnic .
eng	it’s early on a saturday afternoon and nearly 400 weekend warriors have gathered to do battle on the grounds of a state park just outside nashville , tennessee . but they do not carry wooden or steel
eng	you work hard .
eng	after the rain , there
eng	were puddles on the street .
eng	he took sephora , the wife of moses , whom he had sent back , and her two sons , of whom one was called gersam : his father saying , i have been a stranger in a foreign country . and the other eliezer
eng	you are free to go out .
eng	take this umbrella with you lest you
eng	should get wet and catch cold .
eng	i have even studied the grammar of esperanto to understand what it’s about , and i came to two conclusions . it is a very , very well - made language . from the linguistic viewpoint , it really follows
eng	admirable criteria of economy of language and efficiency . secondly , all other movements for international languages have failed , but not that of esperanto , which further unites humanity everywhere
eng	you have a way with women .
eng	the paint is peeling off
eng	the weather - beaten wall .
eng	what i’m getting at is that zamenhof not only built a linguistic object , but that behind that was an idea — an idea of brotherhood , a pacifist idea . that strength of an ideal — for which esperantists
eng	were even persecuted under nazism and stalinism — is still conserved by the community of esperantists . one cannot say that it has failed , but one thing needs to be said : the reason why any language
eng	you are welcome to do anything you like .
eng	in spite of the rain ,
eng	the game was not cancelled .
eng	but hear my words and counsels , and god shall be with thee . be thou to the people in those things that pertain to god , to bring their words to him , and to shew the people the ceremonies , and
eng	you should start as early as you can .
eng	i get caught in the rain , i'm late for my date ,
eng	and i lose my pocketbook . it's just one thing after another today .
eng	my grandfather went to seek silver , but the silver became indians . my grandfather went to seek indians , but the indians became gold . my grandfather went to seek gold , but the gold became earth
eng	did you do your homework by yourself ?
eng	you had better take an umbrella
eng	with you in case it rains .
eng	once there were two women who were best friends , yet they were different : one was as beautiful as the new day but poor as a church mouse , while the other was as unsightly as the night but immeasurably
eng	you are too old not to see the reason .
eng	it looks like rain . we
eng	had better shut the windows .
eng	the study of history is the best medicine for a sick mind ; for in history you have a record of the infinite variety of human experience plainly set out for all to see ; and in that record you can
eng	you are too negligent of those around you .
eng	i discouraged him from going swimming
eng	as it was likely to rain .
eng	on friday , the greenland official government website posted this comment : “we have a good cooperation with usa , and we see it as an expression of greater interest in investing in our country and
eng	you won't be in time for school .
eng	it looks like rain . you had
eng	better take an umbrella with you .
eng	today , there are a few places where the u . s . flag is required to be flown 24 hours a day . these locations include fort mchenry in baltimore , maryland ; the u . s . marine corps memorial iwo
eng	you should give up drinking .
eng	i was caught in the rain
eng	and got soaked to the skin .
eng	to the untrained eye , these dilapidated buildings and neighborhoods seem to be well past their prime and ready to be torn down , but they’re actually critical links to america's past — national treasures
eng	you should not resort to drinking .
eng	the beautiful scene of a lake was not able
eng	to be enjoyed because of rain and fog .
eng	the human experience of text translation , with all its difficulty and its trial and error , constitutes an irreplaceable richness . the paths from one mental universe to another , the instructive
eng	you should give up drinking and smoking .
eng	the rainy weather prevented her
eng	from working in the garden .
eng	an anthropologist wrongly applied the word " semitic " not just to languages like arabic , amharic , tigrinya and hebrew but specifically to ethnically and culturally jewish people . more ominously
eng	, from 1880 through the nazi period of german history , racists extended the word " aryan , " which had meant the sanskrit - persian language family , to deliberately foster the vile and discredited
eng	you have a light hand , don't you ?
eng	the rain necessitated a
eng	postponement of the picnic .
eng	spanish history is replete with official anti - semitism : the 14th - century massacres of jews in seville , córdoba and elsewhere , incited by a prominent catholic clergyman ; the spanish inquisition
eng	are you writing a letter ?
eng	whether it will rain or not ,
eng	the game is going to be held .
eng	the european union agency for fundamental rights defines anti - semitism as “rhetorical and physical manifestations directed toward jewish or non - jewish individuals and/or their property , toward
eng	jewish community institutions and religious facilities . such manifestations could also target the state of israel , conceived as a jewish collectivity , but criticism of israel similar to that levelled
eng	you needn't have gone to the trouble .
eng	wet and stormy areas will
eng	get wetter and stormier .
eng	since the end of the eighteenth century , the group of peoples who spread , probably from the arabian peninsula , to mesopotamia , syria and palestine around 3000 bce — and , before 700 bc from southern
eng	arabia to abyssinia , on the opposite african mainland — have been designated as semites . they were so called after shem , who , according to the first book of moses , chapter 10 , was the eldest
eng	he looks young . he cannot be older than i .
eng	we had hoped that the
eng	rain would stop before noon .
eng	" in the midst of an unprecedented extinction crisis , the trump administration is eviscerating our most effective wildlife protection law , ” the national resources defense council said . “these
eng	you should pay back your debts .
eng	when the rain stopped , the
eng	game of tennis was continued immediately .
eng	regrettably , mass shootings of children now occur so frequently in united states schools that some parents are buying so - called bulletproof backpacks for their children . while the backpacks can
eng	you should pay your debts .
eng	when the weather had cleared , the
eng	children began to play baseball again .
eng	but those who insist the u . s . did not put astronauts on the moon have claimed their own " evidence " to a faked landing . they question why the flag astronaut neil armstrong planted on the moon
eng	you should get your car fixed .
eng	after the rain had let up a bit
eng	, we made a dash for the car .
eng	if the moon landing was real , they ask , why didn't the lander scatter dust when it touched down ? in reality , the lander was traveling horizontally much of the time and the thrusters that controlled
eng	you had better have your car washed .
eng	with the rain having stopped
eng	, the game began again .
eng	christian huggel , a professor at the university of zurich in switzerland who specializes in glaciology and geomorphodynamics ( the study of changing forms of geologic surfaces ) , said thousands
eng	you cannot be too careful when driving .
eng	hardly had the rain stopped when
eng	the ground began to freeze .
eng	the undp program , which helped establish flood protection systems in the area starting in 2011 , has installed small - scale drainage systems and mini - dams , and taught people in the remote region
eng	you had better not drive a car .
eng	no sooner had it stopped raining
eng	than a beautiful rainbow appeared .
eng	“we're anticipating that fantasy football is going to cost employers this year around $9 billion in lost wages being paid to workers that are otherwise being unproductive participating in fantasy
eng	can you drive a car ?
eng	whether it rains or not , fujita
eng	is planning to have a picnic .
eng	i must confess that my modest and worthless work here has included the translation ( usually from english to portuguese and esperanto ) of model sentences about tom and mary or about sami and layla
eng	you can drive a car , can't you ?
eng	when it rains , the buses
eng	are late more often than not .
eng	the blockade began in june 1948 , when soviet troops closed all rail , road and river access to berlin in one of the first flashpoints of the cold war . it prompted the united states and its allies
eng	you don't have to make an apology .
eng	don't forget to take an
eng	umbrella in case it rains .
eng	filby became pensive . “clearly , ” the time traveller proceeded , “any real body must have extension in four directions : it must have length , breadth , thickness , and — duration . but through
eng	a natural infirmity of the flesh , which i will explain to you in a moment , we incline to overlook this fact . there are really four dimensions , three which we call the three planes of space , and
eng	a fourth , time . there is , however , a tendency to draw an unreal distinction between the former three dimensions and the latter , because it happens that our consciousness moves intermittently
eng	you should apologize .
eng	don't forget to bring your
eng	umbrella in case it rains .
eng	“now , it is very remarkable that this is so extensively overlooked , ” continued the time traveller , with a slight accession of cheerfulness . “really this is what is meant by the fourth dimension
eng	, though some people who talk about the fourth dimension do not know they mean it . it is only another way of looking at time . there is no difference between time and any of the three dimensions
eng	of space except that our consciousness moves along it . but some foolish people have got hold of the wrong side of that idea . you have all heard what they have to say about this fourth dimension
eng	did you actually see the accident ?
eng	since it is bad when it rains , when you
eng	come out of the room , please shut the window .
eng	forasmuch as you have desired so simple a woman to write in so worthy a book , good master lieutenant , therefore i shall , as a friend , desire you , and as a christian , require you , to call upon
eng	don't set your failure down to bad luck .
eng	you'd better take your umbrella ,
eng	just in case it rains .
eng	" other college students with a talent , whether it be literature , music , or technological innovation , can monetize their skill and hard work , '' newsom said monday . " student athletes , however
eng	you should acknowledge your failure .
eng	i think you'd better take an
eng	umbrella in case it rains .
eng	critics have long argued that banning college athletes from earning money to play on their teams has been unfair , since schools and organizations like the ncaa have , over the years , regularly used
eng	you must work hard in order not to fail .
eng	remember to take your umbrella
eng	, in case it rains .
eng	“in recent years we've noticed that the artists in our shows have been working with more renewable materials and methods that are environmentally safe , ” said joann symons , president of the smithsonian
eng	do you know how to use a dictionary ?
eng	we thought it would rain ; nevertheless
eng	, we started on our trip .
eng	the jim crow laws , which were in effect from the 1880s to the 1960s , were state and local mandates that enforced racial segregation in the american south . the most common types of these laws outlawed
eng	you should learn how to use your dictionary .
eng	take an umbrella with you in
eng	case it begins to rain .
eng	" these are some of the most vulnerable places to climate change and change across river systems , but they are also the home for a number of us who live here , they are also the breadbasket of the
eng	you are free to go home .
eng	it's beginning to rain .
eng	please share my umbrella .
eng	“i have no doubt that it's real , ” says surina khan , ceo of the women’s foundation of california . “we just have to go to any store , and you can see that , let's say , a pink razor blade versus
eng	do you have a room of your own ?
eng	it began to rain , so he
eng	need not have watered the lawn .
eng	“i don’t want to be pompous or exaggerate , but i believe our strength is diversity , including the strengthening of our society through immigrants , the fact that people from different economic ,
eng	you should learn to restrain yourself .
eng	when it began to rain , she told
eng	her son to take in the washing .
eng	with this distinction , a nation that dies for its independence considers that humanity resorted to every sacrifice required by its honor and dignity , and , of course , when compared to a numb ,
eng	you should be true to your friends .
eng	it looks like rain . you
eng	had better take in the washing .
eng	chinese american actress anna mae wong wanted to play the female lead in “the good earth , ” but she did not get the role . “the reason why anna mae wong wasn’t cast was because of this production
eng	law that was part of hollywood . the industry itself put up a production law , and part of the clause was this anti - miscegenation clause that said that you could not have interracial romances on
eng	you should be ashamed of your ignorance .
eng	but for the rain , we
eng	would have had a pleasant journey .
eng	as another of our friends has said , translation is not about replacing one language with others . translation will , on the contrary , help the language to enter the scientific field so that it can
eng	be promoted again and again . we should open our eyes : there is a huge difference between a translated language , which can be adopted , and an orphaned language whose mere diffusion would constrain
eng	what account can you give of your misbehavior ?
eng	the flowers in the garden died
eng	from the absence of rain .
eng	love is patient and kind ; love does not envy or boast ; it is not arrogant or rude . it does not insist on its own way ; it is not irritable or resentful ; it does not rejoice at wrongdoing , but
eng	rejoices with the truth . love bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things . love never ends . as for prophecies , they will pass away ; as for tongues , they will
eng	you should try to cut your way .
eng	unless it rains , the game
eng	will be held on sunday .
eng	if i speak in the tongues of men and of angels , but have not love , i am a noisy gong or a clanging cymbal . and if i have prophetic powers , and understand all mysteries and all knowledge , and
eng	you should live up to your principles .
eng	the festival will be held in
eng	the garden , unless it rains .
eng	around half of humanity relies upon water and rivers that originate in the high mountains . and , so this is used for irrigation . it is used for power production , hydroelectricity . it is used for
eng	you must share your jobs with others .
eng	it was raining , and joe's long hair was
eng	completely wet by the time he got home .
eng	the latest tragedy may put off some migrants from taking risky journeys in the short term . however , as long as there are no legal routes to britain for low - skilled migrants and the market for
eng	you should attend to your own business .
eng	seeing that it is raining ,
eng	you had better stay home .
eng	this has been a time of dramatic transformation , and you have risen to every new challenge . you have made our social fabric stronger , our families healthier and safer , our people more prosperous
eng	you must account for your conduct .
eng	it will get dark earlier this
eng	evening , as it is raining .
eng	in all the work i have done as president — every decision i have made , every executive action i have taken , every bill i have proposed and signed — i've tried to give all americans the tools and
eng	you'll have to answer for your behavior .
eng	the weather being rainy ,
eng	the baseball game was cancelled .
eng	with this faith , we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope . with this faith , we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony
eng	of brotherhood . with this faith , we will be able to work together , to pray together , to struggle together , to go to jail together , to stand up for freedom together , knowing that we will be
eng	you are responsible for what you do .
eng	it was all the more
eng	depressing because it was raining .
eng	and so let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of new hampshire . let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of new york . let freedom ring from the heightening alleghenies of pennsylvania .
eng	you should be responsible for your actions .
eng	the picnic was held in the
eng	gym on account of the rain .
eng	and when this happens , and when we allow freedom ring , when we let it ring from every village and every hamlet , from every state and every city , we will be able to speed up that day when all of
eng	god's children , black men and white men , jews and gentiles , protestants and catholics , will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old negro spiritual : free at last ! free at last
eng	you should be ashamed of your conduct .
eng	it was raining hard , but she
eng	insisted on going for a drive .
eng	but one hundred years later , the negro still is not free . one hundred years later , the life of the negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination
eng	. one hundred years later , the negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity . one hundred years later , the negro is still languished in the corners
eng	you can't afford to neglect your health .
eng	in spite of the heavy rain
eng	, he decided to go out .
eng	having thus imparted to you my sentiments , as they have been awakened by the occasion which brings us together , i shall take my present leave ; but not without resorting once more to the benign
eng	parent of the human race , in humble supplication that since he has been pleased to favour the american people , with opportunities for deliberating in perfect tranquility , and dispositions for deciding
eng	with unparellelled unanimity on a form of government , for the security of their union , and the advancement of their happiness ; so his divine blessing may be equally conspicuous in the enlarged
eng	you must perform your duty .
eng	it rained heavily , and consequently
eng	the baseball game was called off .
eng	sixteen hours ago an american airplane dropped one bomb on hiroshima , an important japanese army base . that bomb had more power than 20 , 000 tons of t . n . t . it had more than two thousand times
eng	you should be more thoughtful of your safety .
eng	rain formed pools in the
eng	hollow spaces on the rocks .
eng	with this bomb we have now added a new and revolutionary increase in destruction to supplement the growing power of our armed forces . in their present form these bombs are now in production and even
eng	more powerful forms are in development . it is an atomic bomb . it is a harnessing of the basic power of the universe . the force from which the sun draws its power has been loosed against those who
eng	you should read such books as will benefit you .
eng	it left off raining and we managed
eng	to finish our game of tennis .
eng	president von weizsacker has said : " the german question is open as long as the brandenburg gate is closed . " today i say : as long as this gate is closed , as long as this scar of a wall is permitted
eng	to stand , it is not the german question alone that remains open , but the question of freedom for all mankind . yet i do not come here to lament . for i find in berlin a message of hope , even in
eng	you are responsible for what you have done .
eng	since it stopped raining , he
eng	went out for a walk .
eng	hand in hand with freedom of speech goes the power to be heard , to share in the decisions of government which shape men's lives . everything that makes man's life worthwhile - family , work , education
eng	, a place to rear one's children and a place to rest one's head - all this depends on decisions of government ; all can be swept away by a government which does not heed the demands of its people
eng	you yourself have to finish it .
eng	scarcely had the rain stopped
eng	before a rainbow appeared .
eng	they are the essence of our differences with communism today . i am unalterably opposed to communism because it exalts the state over the individual and the family , and because of the lack of freedom
eng	of speech , of protest , of religion , and of the press , which is the characteristic of totalitarian states . the way of opposition to communism is not to imitate its dictatorship , but to enlarge
eng	you must do it yourself .
eng	we shall leave for home as
eng	soon as it stops raining .
eng	so the road toward equality of freedom is not easy , and great cost and danger march alongside us . we are committed to peaceful and nonviolent change , and that is important for all to understand
eng	though all change is unsettling . still , even in the turbulence of protest and struggle is greater hope for the future , as men learn to claim and achieve for themselves the rights formerly petitioned
eng	are you sure of your facts ?
eng	it was raining hard , and what is
eng	worse , the wind began to rise .
eng	so we part , i to my country and you to remain . we are – if a man of forty can claim that privilege – fellow members of the world's largest younger generation . each of us have our own work to do
eng	. i know at times you must feel very alone with your problems and difficulties . but i want to say how impressed i am with what you stand for and the effort you are making ; and i say this not just
eng	for myself , but for men and women everywhere . and i hope you will often take heart from the knowledge that you are joined with fellow young people in every land , they struggling with their problems
eng	and you with yours , but all joined in a common purpose ; that , like the young people of my own country and of every country i have visited , you are all in many ways more closely united to the brothers
eng	you must admit that you are in the wrong .
eng	it rained so hard that we decided
eng	to visit him some other time .
eng	globally , october was 0 . 69°c warmer than the average october from 1981 - 2010 , making it by a narrow margin the warmest october in this data record . europe generally saw above - average temperatures
eng	you should have introduced yourself .
eng	it was raining so hard that we
eng	had to put off our departure .
eng	globally , the twelve - month period from november 2018 to october 2019 was 0 . 56°c warmer than the 1981 - 2010 average . the warmest twelve - month period was from october 2015 to september 2016
