eng	 if he had been careful then , the terrible accident would not have happened . if he carries on drinking like that , he's going to have a problem . if he had left at ten , he would have arrived here by now . if i had had enough money , i would have bought the book . i'll come at three o'clock if it is convenient to you . if it were not for electricity , our civilized life would be impossible . can you imagine what our life would be like without electricity ? the gathering will be large if the weather is good . he says that if he were a bird he would fly to me . if it had not been for the map , i would have lost my way . what would become of our city if an earthquake were to hit it ? if anyone comes to see me , tell him that i am out . if you want to go to college , study english harder . if they admit me to the university , i think i will major in economics . if the sun were to rise in the west , i would never give up the plan . if the sun were to go out , all living things would die . if the sun were to stop shining , all living things would die . if it were not for the sun , there would be no life on the earth . if it were not for the sun , every living thing would die . if it were not for the sun , no living creatures could exist on the earth . if it were not for the sun , we could not live at all . other things being equal , the simplest explanation is the best . if a player hit the tree with the ball , it meant that the crops would grow successfully . if i could be reborn , i would want to be the child of a rich family , then i'd be set for life . if you are to be successful , you are to do your best . if our neighbors around the world are in need , let's lend a helping hand . if it were not for water , human life would be impossible . if it were not for water , no creature could live . if it were not for water , no one could live on earth . if it were not for water , humans could not survive . if it were not for water , there would be no life on the earth . if it were not for plants , we wouldn't be able to live . what do you think would happen if it were not for books ? if i had enough money , i would buy that nice car . if i had 25% more income , i'd be more satisfied with my life . if the number of cars increases , so will the traffic . if he had failed the exam , what would he have done ? if it were not for examinations , how happy our school life would be ! suppose that we miss the last train , what should we do ? if a burglar came into my room , i would throw something at him . if anything should ever happen to me , you can look here . if you had taken my advice , you wouldn't be in such trouble . if my house were a mansion , i would invite everyone i know to my birthday party . if i had wings to fly , i would have gone to save her . but for my family , i would not have worked so hard . if i had had enough money , i could have bought it . if we all pull together we should be able to get the country out of the mess it's in . if we want a peaceful life , we cannot help objecting to war .
eng	 if i don't come back , the venture will probably be unsuccessful . if i had known his address , i would have written to him . in case i am late , you don't have to wait for me . if i had worked hard in my youth , i would be successful now . if i were in your place , i would lend him a hand . were i in your position , i would oppose that plan . had i realized what you intended , i wouldn't have agreed . if i were rich , i would study abroad , but as it is i can't do so . if i had known about it , i would have changed my plan . if i had been rich , i would have given you some money . if i had bought the painting then , i would be rich now . if i were you , i would quit my job and leave london . if i were you , i would have done the same thing in such a difficult situation . if i were you , i would apply for the scholarship . if your child drinks poison , rush him to the hospital . without oxygen , all animals would have disappeared long ago . if our last batter had not finally hit a home run , our team would have lost the game . refer to the users' guide if you have any problems . if she were here now , i could tell her the truth . if his father wasn't there , he'd be poor right now . if a high hill stood between a and b , it was important to decide whether the line should climb over it , pierce it with a tunnel , or make a detour to avoid it . if the plant is completed next year , a new production manager will have to be hired . if you have no liking for modern music , you will not enjoy this concert . if i lost my key , i wouldn't be able to lock the door . if an oversight is the reason why you have not paid , please send us the amount due , and let us solve the problem immediately . if the demolition of buildings is uncontrolled , a fine city is in danger of becoming nothing more than a concrete jungle . if i were in good health , i could pursue my studies . if i had known about the plan , i could have helped him . if i were in your place , i wouldn't do such a thing . if it had not been for your help , my father would have failed . if it had not been for your help , i couldn't have completed the work . if it were not for your help , i could not succeed . if she knew your address , she would write to you . if it were not for your help , i could not run this store . if you are to realize your dream , you must work harder . if you want to be on time , you should be there by 11 o'clock . if you are to succeed in the exam , you must study hard . if you had helped me , i could have accomplished the work . if you are a member of a primitive community and you wish to produce , say , food , there are two things that you must do . you're playing with fire if you insist on riding your motorcycle without a helmet on . had you run all the way , you'd have got there in time . if you had parked your car here , you would have been fined . if only you were here , i could consult you about it . if you had missed that bus , you might not be here now . suppose you had ten million yen , what would you do ? if it were not for air and water , nothing could live .
eng	 if it were not for the air , planes could not fly . they would have gotten a better exchange rate if they had gone to a bank . thousands of lives will be at stake if emergency food does not arrive there within a few days . if there's anything urgent , you can get in touch with me . if she's not careful she'll tear a ligament doing that . there will be hell to pay if i don't make this deadline . he seems to be afraid of being laughed at if he makes a mistake . if the patient is unconscious , the family can make the decision . what will become of our offspring if a nuclear war breaks out ? but for everybody's support , i would not have passed the examination . if the vase is not found , john may be accused of stealing it . if a fire should break out , i would make off with my flute . if anything goes wrong , i'll answer for the consequences . if i were to live abroad , i would live in britain . please drop it in the mail if it's not out of your way . what would you do if you saw a man from another planet ? if you can use this typewriter perfectly in a month , you may keep it . if it were not for great books , our lives would be much the poorer . but for the safety belt , i wouldn't be alive today . if he wanted to get to london today , he should leave now . i am wondering if you would like to go and see kabuki with me while staying in japan . please come to my house next saturday if you care to . i'd like to invite you to lunch , if you're not busy . would you mind terribly making me a cup of coffee ? if they are not free , please let me know how much the catalogue and the postage to japan are . if you wish us to reserve an alternative room , please let us know immediately . if peace cannot be maintained with honor , it is no longer peace . if he told me the truth , i would have forgiven him . if the brain is dead , we should let the patient die . if he had carried the map with him , he wouldn't have got lost . if you cannot make full remittance , please get in touch with me by october 28 , 1998 . if god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . if i had had enough money , i would have bought the bag . if i were to tell him the truth , he would be angry . if i were to be reborn , i would like to be a bird . if i had to define life in a word , it would be : life is creation . if i could have a wish , i'd wish i could make up for lost time . if you should have any trouble , don't hesitate to come to me . if you are having temporary financial problems and it is the cause of your outstanding account , let us know about it . if anything comes up that you don't understand , come to me . you'd better put aside some money for a rainy day . you'd not have been in the rush hour if you had left home earlier . hello . this is joe carlton . may i speak to michael ? hello , it's me . could you come pick me up at the station ? operator , i'd like to place a call to winnipeg , canada , but i can't quite remember the number . if we have not covered all the questions you asked , please inform us . if cleopatra's nose had been shorter , the whole face of the world would have been changed .
eng	 if it had not been for your advice , i would have failed in my business . please let us know if we can be of help in other ways . if the delay is simply an oversight , will you please take care of it at once ? we accept making a reduction in price of 5% if this will help you to develop a new market for our products . please let me know if i can provide you with any further information , or if you would like to contact me for questions . please disregard this notice if your shipment has already been made . should you have settled the account since this mail was written , please ignore our reminder . please let me know immediately if you would like to use this computer . if mary knew how to swim , she would go to the beach more often . if bob had taken my advice , everything would be all right now . if you want any more wine , go to the cellar and get some . if you happen to hear of anybody that wants to buy a house , please let me know . if you are going to have a party , please count me in . you need your parents' permission if you are going to apply for that . if it is true , it follows that nakagawa is guilty . if i thought i could get away with it , i wouldn't pay tax at all . if that washing machine goes wrong again , i shall complain to the manufacturer . if you had not followed the doctor's advice then , you might be ill now . if it had not been for the accident , we would have been in time . to investigate the incident would take us at least three weeks . but for the doctor's care , the patient would not be alive . if he could not answer the riddle , he would be eaten . if you will lend me the money , i shall be much obliged to you . had it not been for the money , we would not have succeeded . if i had the money , i would make a trip around the world . if he had been there , i could have given him your message . if it were not for sports , how dull school life would be ! if all went according to her plan , she would be in great demand . if sue is coming by air , she ought to arrive very soon . if jane's mother were in japan , i could invite her to the doll's festival . if it were not for the computer , how inconvenient our lives would be ! if he carries on like this , he's going to wind up in prison . if this proposal is put into practice , the business world will be affected to a significant degree . we're going to find ourselves in difficulty if we carry on like this . if you want this job , you must apply for it by tomorrow . if she had not studied english here , she could not have passed the examination . if the coffee is too strong , add some more water . if grace had not studied so hard , she would surely have failed the test . you will have to take his place in case he cannot come . if he had been honest , they would have employed him . is there any chance of my borrowing your typewriter ? hey , has this been sitting out on the dinner table all day ? it has to go in the refrigerator or it'll go bad . do you happen to know how to get downtown from here ? it occurs to me that i may have misunderstood you .
eng	 he said that if he had much money , he would buy the dictionary . if i had money , i would buy that camera . as it is , i cannot buy it . i might have to be very angry with you if you were to come alone . if grandma doesn't come , the children will be disappointed . if i'm away from home for a period of time , i will stop mail delivery . if something doesn't make sense , it probably isn't logical . if it hadn't been for the storm , we would have been in time . americans would have responded differently from japanese . if you want to study in the united states , you need to get a student visa . if he had been with me then , i would not have done such a thing . if he had not met with that accident , he would be alive now . if i had been in time for the train , i would be there now . were it not for your help , i could never succeed . if it had not been for your help , i would have failed . if it had not been for your help , i would have lost the game . if it had not been for your help , we might have failed . if it had not been for your help , i would certainly have failed . if you are silent in a conversation or social situation for a long time , americans will try to get you to talk . if you do not go fishing tomorrow , i will not either . if you didn't have him to exchange letters with , you would be lonely . even if you know the truth , you had better pretend otherwise at present . had it not been for your help , i would have been fired . if you think you can get away with cheating on the exam , you've got another thing coming . don't forget that , if you are on a diet , skipping breakfast will not help you . if you had not eaten so much , you would not be so sleepy now . suppose it rains tomorrow , shall we still go on the picnic ? it will have been raining for a week if it does not stop tomorrow . had we left home at seven , we could have arrived on time . if you are to finish the work before june , you will have to work much better . if you will excuse me for a few minutes , i'd like to make a call . if i had had more money , i would have bought the pen . if you break the clock again , you'll catch it from mommy . if it's going to require a total restructuring , i'm sure they will be satisfied with the old system . mrs . brown warned beth that if she didn't eat properly she would be permanently overweight . if you were footing the bill , you wouldn't say that . a motel is like a hotel only much smaller and is used mostly by people traveling by automobile . mozart was greater than any other composer of his time . did you start to learn the piano when you were three , like mozart ? it's about time you were independent of your parents . even at nighttime , it was not quiet and peaceful any more . it's getting dark early around here . the sun seems to drop like a rock when autumn rolls around . now that he has graduated , he must become more serious . it's high time you had your hair cut ; it has grown too long . seeing that it is 8 o'clock , i think you should leave for school soon . here it's august and our summer vacation is nearly over .
eng	 have you written all the new year's cards already ? you will be able to speak fluent english in another few months . i've got to hang up now . someone is waiting to use the phone . now that the weather is warmer , i can go outdoors . now that you are grown - up , it is up to you to decide what to do . it's ok now . don't worry . you can depend on me one hundred percent . now that you're a college student , you should study harder . now that you are a college student , you should know better . now that you know the truth , perhaps you'll feel better . as he gets older , your son will grow more independent . with a little more patience , you could have succeeded . with a little more effort , he would have succeeded . with a little more care , the driver could have avoided such a tragic accident . with a little more care , you would have succeeded . with a little more wisdom , he would not have got in trouble . don't you have another one that's a little larger ? you may as well wait for a while . it'll clear up soon . had you come a little earlier , you could have met her . had they left a little earlier , they would have avoided the traffic jam . if i had left a little earlier , i would have caught the last train . if you had left a little earlier , you would have avoided the heavy traffic . if you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time . you could have solved this puzzle with a little more patience . i want you to straighten up the environment a little more . if she had been a little more patient , she could have succeeded . if you had been a little more patient , you could have succeeded . if you had been a little more patient , you would have succeeded . we would have bought the plane tickets if the price had been a little lower . why don't you try expressing your opinion a little more gently ? think about how he feels getting told flatly that he's being cut loose . if you had made more effort , you would have passed the entrance examination . we could have bought the car with a little more money . it's time to work now . let's get down to business . i'd better get going . my father is really strict . since you are no longer a child , you should be responsible for what you do . since you are no longer a child , you are to take care of yourself . i think we had better wait another thirty minutes . now that you are a high school student , you are responsible for what you do . you had better hurry because the banks will close soon . i can't take this anymore . i've lost my temper completely . how many times are you going to make me say it ? do you know how many times i've tried to wake you up ? i'm sure that family is familiar with japanese tastes in food . they've hosted quite a few japanese exchange students . with just a little more effort , he would have succeeded . another step , and you will fall down the precipice . another step , and you would have fallen down the stairs . let's have one more drink , and then i'll take you back home . another storm , and our village would have been ruined .
eng	 if i visit nara again , i will have visited it four times . we tried again to bump off the politician , but couldn't do it . had he tried it once more , he would have succeeded in it . should he be given another chance , he would do his best . if i read this book once more , i shall have read it three times . i beg your pardon ; i didn't quite catch your name . surely he can not enter a second time into his mother's womb to be born !  " i can't even make a crane , " she said to herself . another interesting source of energy is the heat that can be recovered from radioactive waste material . i have just one more thing to ask of you - get lost . cut that out . you're just rubbing salt in the poor guy's wounds . you are old enough to know better . behave yourself . this guy is really wishy - washy . he couldn't make a decision to save his life . make one more effort and you will reach the summit . i can't study anywhere in my house . it's too noisy . we could have our tea in the garden , were it a little warmer . it is about time you stopped being so idle and did some work . had i had a little more money , i would have bought it . it's nearly lunchtime . why don't we stop to have a bite to eat ? we'll get to school soon ; we are as good as there now . i can't stand that nasty attitude of his any longer . i don't think i'll be able to hold in my anger any longer . she does not eat cake , so as not to put on any more weight . it would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore . do you mean that you have already decided on this plan ? we've come this far , so we can't stop now . i don't want to backslide . i agree with you , except for the part about the profits . now that you have finished your job , you are free to go home . in another two weeks you will be able to get out of the hospital . it's already september ; however , it is very hot . in another six months you will be able to speak german fluently . if he had come five minutes later , he would have missed the train . three hours of driving has worn me out . let's pull over at the next rest stop we see . walk three more blocks and you will find the museum on your left . i think we had better wait for another 30 minutes . another half hour , and our master will be back here . we've talked over this matter in detail for half an hour already . let's finish it off . this was a bad week . my train was late two days in a row . the rainy season will be over in another two weeks or so . i've waited two whole hours . i can't wait any longer . one more step , and i would have fallen off the cliff . one minute earlier , and they could have caught the bus . one minute earlier , and we could have seen the queen . i'd like to stay one more night . is that possible ? if i go by air one more time , i'll have flown in an airplane five times . if i were to live again , i would like to be a musician . i will have been to the states three times if i go there again . if i have to go to kyoto once more , i will have visited it four times this year .
eng	 it's been almost ten years , but you're as beautiful as ever . it's already ten o'clock . my mother must be angry . if there was just 1 , 000 yen more , he would have taken 10 , 000 yen in total . we all know that mendel was way ahead of his time . mary will sit still and look at the sea for hours . does mary live next door to the bus driver with whom john worked ? the man in charge of the merry - go - round decided to make sure everything was working properly . in order to gain media recognition , sometimes aids patients have to push themselves into the public eye . the media sells a trace of hatred at bargain prices . all you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity . i had a difficult time in mexico because i couldn't understand all of the spanish . fancy forgetting my glasses , it's so embarrassing . i can't find my glasses . i may have left them behind on the train . i would like to purchase your latest mail order catalogue . may day is also a festival day for the workers in the world . the maid arranged the knives and forks on the table . mary's been living in japan so long . don't you think it's time she adjusted to japanese customs ? mary isn't really sick ; she's only putting it on . mary resembles her mother in appearance , but not in character . mary looks unfriendly , but she is really very kind at heart . mary is not poor . on the contrary , she is quite rich . in her misery , mary looked to her husband for help . mary refused to marry him , but she gave in at last . mary was reading , with a cat sleeping beside her . mary often hums a tune as she works in the kitchen . mary is not used to being made fun of in the presence of others . mary shut herself up in the room , with all the windows closed . mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election . mary is said to have been ill last week , but she looks well now . in her elementary school days , mary dreamed of becoming a teacher . mary is said to have been a great singer in her youth . mary's kind nature quickly won her the friendship of her classmates . mary blamed jack for leaving their children unattended . mary doesn't dance much now , but i know she used to a lot . mary was john's heartthrob all through high school . when mary was spoken to by a stranger , she was at a loss for words . despite the fact that mary keeps saying i was the only man she'd like to marry , when i proposed to her , she said " no " . i cannot make head or tail of it . mary pretended she was sick to avoid going to school . mary has nobody to talk with , but she doesn't feel lonely . mary has failed again . after all she is still young . mary always assists her boyfriend in doing his assignments . mary is so nice a girl that she is loved by everybody . suspecting him of telling her secret to some of her friends , mary was angry with jim . mary has always been successful in everything she has done . someone remarked that mary was always late for meetings . mary goes to that restaurant for lunch every other day . mary went over to the united states in her late teens .
eng	 mary promised her mother that she would help her more often . mary's new hairstyle made her stand out in the crowd . i have always had a soft spot in my heart for mary . mary and her sister took turns at looking after their sick mother . mary and i have been acquainted with each other for many years . it was sheer coincidence that mary and i were on the same train . speaking of mary , i have not seen her for a long time . mary and john quarreled , but made up after a while . there was no one in the room besides mary and john . until mary gets back to work , we'll have to make do with ken . when mary saw him , a look of surprise spread across her face . i was astounded by the news that mary won the first prize . when mary reached the bus stop , the last bus had already left . of course you can trust me . have i ever given you a bum steer before ? the contract , if you were forced to sign it , is invalid . the building you see over there is an auto factory . once upon a time , there was an old man in this village . you can't just lounge around like that while everybody else is so busy . they all have arms , legs , and heads , and they walk and talk , but now there's something that wants to make them different . they sabotaged my effort to make our class enjoyable . in many parts of the world , there is not enough food to meet everyone's needs . you can not be rude to everyone and expect to get away with it forever . he talks with the quiet man . don't you think he's a little bald on top ? we're all going to share it . could you bring us some extra plates ? hey , what's the big secret ? come on ; let me in on it . please speak more loudly so that everybody can hear you . every one opposed it , but mary and john got married all the same . unless everyone plays well , we may lose the game . to everyone's astonishment , mike won first prize in the speech contest . there will be chaos unless we all adhere to the rules . everybody arrived dressed in their smartest clothes . everybody is very busy getting ready for the new year . when the venus de milo was entire , there were arms on the statue . i want some milk , but there isn't any in the refrigerator . girls wearing mini - skirts , walking or sitting , are very effective eye - openers . you have certain privileges and therefore corresponding responsibilities . i wish you all a merry christmas and a happy new year . you probably think she told me she was on her way to visit her sick grandmother . now that we are all here , we can start the farewell party . ladies and gentlemen , due to an accident at the airport , our arrival will be delayed . bees communicate the location of food by carrying odor samples back to the hive . mr mitchel demanded that i pay the rest of the money by the end of the week . mick killed time by reading a magazine while waiting for his date . mickey conners made mincemeat of his opponent in the ring . there are a few books , but they have some misprints . apart from a few mistakes , your composition was excellent . unable to bear her miseries , she ran away from her husband .
eng	 mass is a catholic ceremony of remembering jesus christ by eating and drinking . misato tried to be calm , but finally she lost her temper . so that michelangelo might paint certain figures on the ceiling of the sistine chapel , so that shakespeare might write certain speeches and keats his poems , it seemed to me worthwhile that countless millions should have lived and suffered and died . i sincerely hope you'll give me this second chance . please feel free to contact me for details about the meeting or the schedule . i need it by the morning of april 5 , so it can be reviewed by other members prior to the meeting . let me apologize once again for missing our meeting . the fire and power outage resulted in a shortened workday at some exchanges in manhattan's financial district . the site of the condominium is enclosed with stakes . never having seen a mongoose , i do not know what they are like . because the surroundings were so dark , he could not see anything . it seems as if everything he touches turns to gold . it looked as if we were on the eve of a revolution . i remember the event as vividly as if it were just yesterday . after working all week , we took it easy on sunday . have you ever seen the new house in which marilyn lives ? i had an argument with tom about the use of marijuana . marina giles left england with her husband in just this frame of mind . mariko's parents are strongly opposed to her marrying an american . mulligan has been riding high since he seized the crown in a come - from - behind victory 14 months ago . at the beginning of a marathon race , scores of runners start , but only a few finish and just one takes the cake . the oil in mayonnaise sometimes separates from the other ingredients . soon the same waiter came back to pick up the dishes . it will soon be possible for us to go direct to new york by air . it won't be a long time before she recovers from the shock . i felt a thrill of joy at the thought of seeing her soon . it was not long before they made their appearance . it was not long before he was appointed professor . a network of railroads soon spread over the entire country . it will not be long before the world runs short of food . in a few minutes we'll be landing at new tokyo international airport . it will not be long before the cherry blossoms come out . it won't be long before we can travel to the moon . it will not be long before business returns to normal . it will not be long before the boy learns what life is . mummy , who's terrified of mice , had two fears to cope with . all her years of work and effort have gone up in flames . the mafia uses legitimate business operations as a front . the manager threw in the towel in defeat and planned how to win the next game . the manager suggested that i go with him to the airport . some managers murmured at his appointment as president . madonna is known to every high school student in japan . i'll bet madonna doesn't return to her career for awhile . you can put five of them across the head of a match .
eng	 quite by chance , i met my old friend at the airport . go straight ahead and you will find it . you can't miss it . he sits upright , not crouched over his plate like an animal at a feeding trough . the sperm whale can dive to a depth of 1 , 000 meters . since mac wants to buy a new mustang , he is saving money . max explained to julie why he could not go to her farewell party . max looked into the mirror all the time he was talking . you must keep this plan a secret as there may be some changes yet . seeing that he is still sick , he is unlikely to come today . nor was he ever known to curse unless against the government . it is silly of me to have made the same mistake twice . i can't stand to take another university entrance exam ! i don't know my address yet , i'm going to stay with my friend for a while . i hope we can get together again . yes , i'll be looking forward to it . he suddenly hung up the phone while i was speaking . i haven't made up my mind sufficiently enough to agree with you . i haven't decided yet , but i prefer flying to going by train . i haven't decided yet , but i'll let you know by the time we leave . the doctors tell you that your brother will never wake up again . are you going to play tricks on me again , you naughty boy ? we're all waiting because there's no news about the test results yet . i'm still feeling a little homesick and so many things seem strange to me . no one has shown up as yet , but we're expecting at least 50 students . it is said that nobody has solved the problem yet . on the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience . i must warn you that if you do this again you will be punished . if you haven't driven a bike yet , you should give it a shot . if we have the chance , let's get together on another occasion . not again ! look at those two kissing . they've really got the hots for each other . i can't watch this any more . though she was only twelve years old , susan knew how to make a living . also , a lot of houses were damaged ; windows were often broken throughout the town . also , if you manufacture any other products , please send information . also , increased temperatures may require that lubricants be changed frequently . and even outside these nations , english is perhaps more widely used as a medium of international communication than any other language . uh - oh , here comes another lecture . how typical . this guy has something to say about everything . he did not need man's testimony about man , for he knew what was in a man . but jesus on his part did not entrust himself to them , because he knew all people and needed no one to bear witness about man , for he himself knew what was in man . i still haven't thanked you for the other day . i really appreciate it . also , " armchair shopping " gets rid of the frustrations of crowds and traffic . first of all , let me say how glad i am to be here . in the first place , i discovered that beauty was a full stop . in the first place , we must have capital to begin it with .
eng	 in the first place it's necessary for you to get up early . in the first place , you all have to pay a debt first . originally the meeting was planned for next saturday . to begin with , that kind of work is too tough for me . in the first place , we have to decide on the name . first of all , you must look it up in the dictionary . in the first place , fashions change very quickly . to begin with , the funds are not sufficient for running a grocery store . at first they think they won't come to harm , although no smoker escapes at least the short - term effects . let's start the ball rolling by introducing ourselves . the first subject that attracted my attention was philosophy . the first thing you have to take into consideration is time . more and more people are becoming aware of the dangers of smoking . more and more people are rushing to make use of the interactive nature of the medium . fires are less frightening today than they once were , because more and more houses are built of concrete , and concrete houses do not burn as easily as the old wooden ones . more and more doctors have begun to use the new medicine . ever louder voices of protest drowned out his speech . first of all , we have to put your design to the test . you have to think of the example you're setting . you'll never be able to lead if you don't set an example worth following . we will first ascertain the cause of the disaster . first of all , you should talk it over with your parents . the papers found lots of monkey business when they investigated the recruit scandal . he handled things wonderfully , playing it by ear the whole way . i have to say he did an excellent job . when i was on the point of leaving london , it began to snow . masashi and takako were at odds with each other over where to spend their vacation . it was quite possible to buy a house , just as it is in england , provided one gives up the idea of buying a home one likes , and at a reasonable price . masako finished high school in japan and then graduated from harvard . please push this button at once in case of emergency . in an emergency you can fall back on your savings . i will not go to the length of saying such things . that wouldn't be the house we're looking for , surely . mother teresa was a catholic nun who lived and worked in calcutta , india . mother teresa used the prize money for her work in india and around the world . mother teresa began her work by looking around to see what was needed . makoto found his true love on top of ayers rock . she's from osaka . what do you think about having breakfast at mcdonald's ? maori culture is now spreading more and more among us and their language has become an official language . mountain bike racing has caught on with young japanese in the past few years . the study by meyer and his colleagues was unusual . a home is a once - in - a - lifetime purchase so you don't want to make any snap decisions . michael , this is the restaurant where your father and i had our first date . i have installed microsoft office on my personal computer , so please use its file format when you send me the attachment .
eng	 mike has been making a model plane since breakfast . though mike likes his job very much , it does not pay well . mike is in the second year of high school and ann is too . mike really thought your sister was something else . mike was very kind . he got my car repaired for free . mike is popular among the girls because he is the star of the team . mike is always nagging his father to buy him a car . mike's mother lived in a big city before she married . mike and his sister can speak french , but they can't speak japanese . mike and david are always quarreling with each other over trifles . this is mike speaking . may i speak to hiroshi , please ? when mike went to jane's house , she was sleeping . you sure gab a lot don't you ? you're a natural born talker . martin luther king , jr . , a man of peace , was killed by an assassin's bullet . martin luther king , jr . persuaded the black citizens to protest peacefully . martin luther king , jr . , had won his first protest against injustice - peacefully . martin luther king , jr . , was the son of a black minister . nobody could have guessed , in those days , the place in history that martin luther king , jr . was to have . marcy burst into tears on hearing the news , but soon pulled herself together . there will be an in - person meeting of the marketing subcommittee on tuesday afternoon of jan 27 , 1999 at the san francisco ca airport marriott . for your information , the marketing subcommittee is scheduling a phone conference to establish objectives and directions for 1998 . scarcely had the market opened when the fire broke out . mark is the salt of the earth , so he can be trusted with a secret . mark had never acted on the stage and he was ill at ease . margaret , whose father you met last sunday , is a very good tennis player . if you drive carelessly , you will miss your turn . don't look away idly ; just pay attention to what you're doing . if you didn't have your head in the clouds , you could succeed . mr hopkins spoke in such a loud voice that i could hear him upstairs . those books look as if they're going to topple over any minute . i don't want to put her to even a small inconvenience . you must give close attention to the merest details . just a spot of shut - eye has already refreshed my mind . only a handful of men want to take childcare leave . it's only a short way , so you can walk there in a few minutes . a person who is only a pawn in the game often talks big in company . mr white punished the boy for cheating on the examination . ms . white spoke slowly enough for me to catch her meaning . mr white read out some letters of thanks to his students . ms . white ordered that tom should stay after school . mr . white said to them , " the room will be $30 . $10 for each man . " each man gave him $10 and went up to the room . mr white said that because of the convention , there were no rooms available . mr white was the manager of a hotel in springfield . mr white called his assistant over and said the following : mr white and i are not friends , only acquaintances .
eng	 in the collision with a volvo , our car naturally got the worst of it . skinflicks usually play in old theaters in a sleazy part of town . do you offer a volume discount ? if so , please send details . the volunteer group provides war victims with food and medicine . some people derive pleasure from watching horror movies . it's close to ten o'clock . it's about time we went to bed . uncle bob fixed my clock . it keeps good time now . although bob was in disguise , i recognized him at a glance . bob gave tina almost all the stamps he had collected , and kept only a few for himself . bob worked as a clerk in the grocery store on saturday . bob forgot to bring the pass , which made him late for school . bob went to meet her grandfather early in the morning . bob mounted the portrait in a fancy frame , but it was upside down . bob is the only student that can speak spanish in our class . bob will play the leading role for the first time in the next school festival . bob was so beside himself that he could scarcely tell fact from fiction . bob seldom talks with maria without making her angry . bob suggested that the party be put off till wednesday . bob is such a nice person that everybody likes him . bob is very timid and blushes when chatting with girls . bob thinks it is a silly idea to call his mother who is so far away , to spend so much , and to say so little . bob hurried home in order to watch the tv program . bob told jane not to interfere in his personal affairs . bob expressed words of thanks on behalf of his classmates . i would rather go to the movie alone than have bob come with me . as far as bob is concerned , anything goes . by contrast , jane is very cautious . go easy on bob . you know , he's been going though a rough period recently . bob brought such good news that they jumped up with joy . it has been three years since bob started his own business . to bob's disappointment , several of those who had promised to help him afterwards backed out . bob johnson tried to make people realize the seriousness of the situation in africa . bob , help me carry his suitcase to the living room . he studied hard , hardly taking time out for lunch . almost all the workers objected to working at night . nearly all men die of their remedies , and not of their illness . almost all societies now have a money economy based on coins and paper bills of one kind or another . almost everything that is great has been done by youth . seeing that we have little time , we have to hurry . i need to put some gas in the car , as it's almost empty . few of the trippers called in at the ghost town of new york . he traveled a great deal , as did most of his friends . a 5% consumption tax is levied on purchases of most goods and services . the urban population in most developing countries is increasing very fast . in most japanese companies , only a few executives have a room to themselves . in most cases , modernization is identified with westernization . it will make most americans uncomfortable if you insist on their accepting expensive gifts .
eng	 almost all parents see to the education of their children . would you send , by real mail , some brochures that will help me to choose a hotel ? fully booked for the night , the hotel had to turn away some late guests . what was the name of the hotel ? i can't recall it . the hotel telephone is in the hall and harriet is trying to ring the police now . during lunch in the hotel dining room , the girl named stella collapsed , and when dr . stewart examined the body he said . . . i had a part - time job as a hotel maid , but i didn't like it very much . i had hardly checked in at the hotel when he called me . make certain where the emergency exit is before you go to bed at a hotel . we could see the full extent of the park from the hotel . which are you better at , boogie - boarding or surfing ? may i have some more tea if there is any in the pot ? i made a thermos full of coffee so you can take it along with your lunch . mr potter keeps himself in good condition by going jogging every day . in hockey and soccer , goals are counted as points . pochi and moko are in the kennel , and other dogs are playing in the garden . you have only to push the button to open the bay window . the boss could not approve of what one of his men did . the boss has been on his high horse all month long . the boss called jim into his office and gave him his pink slip . when the boss checks our expenses it can be pretty dicey . he knows how to read between the lines . i can't keep this up . it's an emotional roller coaster around here and all we have to do is look at the boss's face to know whether everybody is going to be happy or sad . the boss said this group is a real mixed bag . i wonder if he places me with the wheat or the chaff . the posters were immediately removed from the wall . pocket calculators are as cheap to buy as a pair of socks , and as essential to thousands of british school children as a pencil and eraser . it is rude to speak with your hands in your pockets . i used to listen to the calls of the wild birds in this forest . i tried to cheer her up , but she did nothing but cry . as a boy i used to lie on my back on the grass and look at the white clouds . i have no time to put my books in order before i go . yesterday i ran into yamada , whom i hadn't seen in years . i used to keep a diary in english when i was a student . i remember it as if it were yesterday , but in reality it was fifteen years ago . i came across this book in a secondhand bookstore . i have to keep my mind on this important question . i forgot to lift the receiver before dialing the number . what have you done with my pen ? it was here a minute ago . no sooner had we entered the hall than the ceremony began . boxing has been defined as the art of hitting without being hit . boxing day , when presents are given to the postman , the milkman , etc . , is the first week - day after christmas . the boxer was hit on the chin and went down for the count . the reason i'm here is because i was asked to come . i had to work hard to keep up with the other students .
eng	 they filled them with straw to make them round and hard . the ballboys and ballgirls all come from local schools . paul makes it a rule not to be late for his appointments . the hall could seat a thousand people before it was partitioned . paul is by far the most charming boy in our school . paul's knowledge of creative bookkeeping has been the secret of his ability to get all the staffing he needs . what were the balls made of ? thousands of years ago , the egyptians made balls out of soft leather or cloth . paul is so pleasant a person that everybody likes him at once . paul didn't become arrogant even though he was rich . the hall was filled with students , many of whom were girls . not only the balls ; the bat was also stolen yesterday . i enjoyed the concert except that the hall was cold . just once , i'd like to get a hole - in - one some day . do you think we'll make it to the airport in time , paul ? bolas are made up of a long cord with two stone balls at the free ends . it is very difficult to handle the bola , but the ancient incas were very good at it . those homeless people are living hand - to - mouth . you look like you're having a lot of trouble setting up that web page . want some help ? it's fine to set up a web page , just be sure you don't infringe anybody's copyright . the popularity of a web site depends on its content . holmes went out of the room without being noticed by anyone . in order to qualify for the homestay you must have an interview with the sponsors . homesickness is a longing to go back to where you are from . i was disappointed to see that my bonus was a bit less than i was expecting . a new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race . the boat was off balance because it was overloaded . there are gaps between the boards in the box . if you fit them in snugly , you'll get more use out of the box . don't forget to tip the porter for carrying your luggage . please have the porter take the baggage to our room . when hawking graduated from college in 1962 , he began studying for a ph . d . in physics . when he started the book , hawking was unable to write by hand at all . it was clear that hawking would live longer than was first thought . boeing has calculated the chances of a series of crew errors leading to cfit . the company's analysis shows that in over 60% of all accidents in the past ten years , the behavior of the flight crew was the dominant cause . boeing's safety experts have joined others in the industry to form an international task force to try to eliminate one particular kind of air crash known as controlled flight into terrain , cfit . she got into hot water when her boyfriend called her at work . the boy scouts went from door to door selling what they had made . let him alone . he'll soon come around by himself . on hearing the whistle , they started at full speed . rigid wheels give sufficient stability to a low - speed vehicle steered by outside forces . i must put my ideas together before i take up a pen . ben is behind them , but he'll soon catch up with them .
eng	 ben acted out the scene of the waitress spilling soup in his lap . ben and i don't get along . we have nothing in common . i had hardly sat down on the bench when i found it had just been painted . benson and holmes analyzed the psychological effect of artificial insemination on parents . the working group on data transfer , led by ben manny , will hold a meeting on jan 14 , 1999 . as ben jonson put it , " speak that i may see thee . " helen does not eat enough and she is getting thin . helen telephoned me that she had arrived in london safely . helen and kathy rented an apartment in a suburb of tokyo . helen moody was noted as a tennis player for not showing any expression on the court . dr . hellebrandt is an associate professor in that excellent university . it was in 1989 that the berlin wall was taken down . it is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet . hearing the bell , the examinees knew it was time to stop . the best advice to follow when buying a persian carpet is to have a good knowledge of carpets ! no sooner had the bell rung than the teacher came into the classroom . when the bell rang , the audience took their seats . the bell rang . the teacher told the students to hand in the papers . a helicopter is able to take off and land straight up and down . the helicopter is so useful that someday it may take the place of cars and trains . tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land . perry is mistaken in thinking that emmet's theory was constructed without reference to newtonian physics . snakes are said to mesmerize small animals and birds . pepperberg hoped that a similar system would help alex grasp the meaning of words , not just their sounds . pepperberg can show alex two objects ( for example , a green square and a red square ) and ask , " what's different ? " penicillin has contributed much to the welfare of mankind . betty cannot keep any secret to herself for a long time . betty brought some roses and jane some carnations . it's not as though we were enemies at each other's throat . no one who owns a pet is allowed to live in this apartment building . there is a very strict rule forbidding smoking in bed . looking up from the bed , he thanked me for helping him . each time you step on the pedal , the wheel turns once . as beth wiped tears from her face , she rushed home . mary was very impressed with the professional appearance of her new outfit . beth was looking forward to meeting him , but he never showed up . beth was asked by her lazy boyfriend to do his history homework . beth has a strong habit of interrupting people while they are talking . beth is seeing her teacher in the teacher's room now . beth protested , but her mother reminded her that she was incredibly fat . beth had to work very hard , and now she is hungry and exhausted . beth accused her sister , sally , of tearing her scarf . beth is afraid of the dark because of her evil brother . beth told chris to bathe or she will not agree to date him . beth's father discussed with her how strongly he expects her to be quiet .
eng	 i'm surprised that beth didn't enjoy her time at the farm . chris could not conceal his sadness when he heard that beth had been unable to find his valuable watch . i'm a vegetarian , so i'd rather not have meat , if that's okay . peggy did not go to see the drama , and neither did i . miss pate felt timid about making a speech before a hundred people . beethoven goes to the piano , sits down at it , and begins to play . i feel a strong attraction to the music of beethoven . the total at the bottom of the page is carried forward . in the same way as hegel , panovsky's notion of the dialectic makes history follow a predetermined course . really ? i thought she'd be the last person to get married . look at you - all scrubbed and dressed . they say the clothes make the man . they made huge , grotesque , yet beautiful poles of red cedar . miss baker knew that the young man would have to leave very soon , so she decided to ask him to move his car a bit , so that she could park hers in the proper place for the night before going to bed . i don't think i'll make the grade if i try to play professional baseball . after asking for my key at the front desk , i took the elevator to my floor . planning the wedding before proposing is putting the cart before the horse . the bath was not hot enough and i was unable to enjoy it . florence nightingale is famous as the woman who began professional nursing . nobody contributed to the understanding of dreams as much as freud . brent is an american , but he speaks japanese as if it were his mother tongue . freddy's been working the graveyard shift the past month , so he hasn't been able to see any of his friends who work normal hours . fred told his wife about the goals that he wanted to accomplish . fred tried to get to the door , but the table was in the way . fred took a liking to jane and started dating her . fred looked after the child who had no parents until that child graduated from college . because he thought fred's comment was tacky , larry got up on his high horse . fred has very little patience , and it doesn't take much to make him fly off the handle . it makes no difference to me whether fred came to the party or not . it is best to review the material before the presentation . please give us a 20 - 30 min . time slot for our presentation . since playstation 2 came out the game software store shelves have bloomed riotously with colorful new titles . i'm really looking forward to next march , when they roll out the new play station 2 . press the brake pedal to turn on your brake lights . you must be crazy to ride a bicycle that has no brakes ! plain english is a shortcut to the goal of language learning . you can eat a complete meal , or just go easy with our salad bar . i think that a new fruit drink will go over big during the summer . bruce was terribly upset when his girlfriend left him , but he soon got over it . do you remember what day of the week blue sky sports is closed ? please replace the empty ink jet cartridge in the printer .
eng	 such languages as french , italian and spanish come from latin . french is spoken in parts of italy as well as in france . it's the first time he has encountered people speaking french . written in french , this book is not easy to read . for us , english was the language to fall back on when we couldn't make ourselves understood in french . i hope your business trip to france was successful . france seems to be swinging left - britain to the right . japan entered into an alliance with france just before the war . frankfurters were first sold in the united states in the 1860s . frank was waiting with pleasure for the date in the evening . frank can't have been ill . he was playing tennis all day . frank had a reputation as a bad boy but he lived it down as he grew up . it's time that you stopped wasting your youth on idle pastimes . as long as we're all just hanging around chatting , may i make a suggestion ? get back to work ! is there any likelihood that mr black will agree to the plan ? a plastic glass is better than one made of real glass . plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials . brazil supplies the world with coffee beans of quality . i would appreciate it if i had the opportunity to meet with mr brown again during his stay in chicago . you should have mr brown correct your speech before the presentation . mr brown was acting in the capacity of ambassador . mr brown contracted with the builder for a new house . we were all surprised at the appointment of mr brown as director . professor brown is very pleased about getting his book published . though the browns have seven children , they seem to make ends meet . miss brown has gotten used to eating japanese food . the flyweight champion contended with a strong challenger . put the meat in the frying pan after the oil has spread . brian regrets starting a relationship with her and wants to escape from her . brian intends to strictly limit the money he uses . brian barely has enough money so he consulted his parents . there is a shortage of money in brian's wallet and bank account . brian's girlfriend often begs him to take her to luxurious restaurants . to brian's surprise , his debt amounted to a considerable sum . the taste of wine is largely dependent upon the weather . football was played in china in the second century . the football game might be called off on account of rain . the football game was postponed on account of bad weather . in a football game the spectators are usually ardent rooters for one of the two teams , but there also is a small group who will climb on the bandwagon of the winning team . sorry to be so direct , but how much did you pay for this ? president bush gave an important address on tv and the radio yesterday . even after it was hit , the pole was still upright . the date and address is usually written at the head of letters . one of the twins is alive , but the other is dead . hey , we're trying to have a serious discussion here so i'd appreciate it if you wouldn't butt in so irresponsibly .
eng	 fortune 500 companies were the hardest hit by recent legislation . fork - users have historically been in the minority . fork - users are mainly in europe , north america , and latin america ; chopstick - users in eastern asia and finger - users in africa , the middle east , indonesia , and india . those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized . forks and chopsticks became popular because they could easily handle hot food . before forks and chopsticks , people usually ate food with a piece of flat bread . although the fork entered society on the tables of rich people , many members of royalty , such as elizabeth i of england and louis xiv of france , ate with their fingers . forks were used for many years in europe and the near east , but only for cooking . the general use of forks for eating started in the tenth century a . d . the ferry started to move and we were across in half an hour . there were not more than one hundred passengers on board the ferry . while swimming in the pool , she lost her locker key . stop your grumbling and get the work out of the way . ms . mizuta likes that " buska " character so much that last time she happened by a store that had buska goods , she homed in on them and bought one on the spot . mr philips , along with some friends and neighbors , is planning a celebration . on encountering the celebrity , the fans asked for his autograph . i thoroughly enjoyed myself at the van dorgen exhibition . she's intent on going to new york to study fashion . what did the businessman say when he invented the zip - fastener ? please excuse me for calling you by your first name . the first baseman is the achilles heel of our team . there was a little water left in the bottom of the bottle . it was a big upset when hingis was eliminated in the first round . hiromi decided to risk bungee - jumping , even though he was scared . although hiroko dislikes cigarette smoke , she readily goes out drinking with friends . bill was unable to get mary to understand what he said . bill never fails to send a birthday present to his mother . bill dived into the river to save the drowning child . bill had always been a quiet , home - loving man , but after a few months in the job , his personality changed . bill wanted to get to the office in good time to clean his desk . bill has a part - time job so that he can buy a car . it looks like bill will go to medical school after all . bill boasts of owning the biggest car in the neighborhood . bill was much loved by the other children in his school . bill got into such a hole with the payments on his house that now that he's lost his job , i don't know how he'll ever get out from under . above all , bill was worried about gaining weight . bill got up early in order that he might catch the first train . bill got up so early that he caught the first train . bill just wanted to comfort monica , but she interpreted it as romantic interest . bill disagreed with his classmates on every subject . bill climbed the ladder of success until he became the president of the company .
eng	 do you know what to do if there's a fire in the building ? bill's abrupt manner causes him to be misunderstood . bill and i have been sincere friends for a long time . when mr hilton wanted to sell his house , he advertised it in the newspaper . bill and john like to get together once a month to shoot the breeze . not only bill but also mac is crazy about computers . bill won the match , not so much by good luck as by real ability . after fifteen years at a building firm , bill pearson was given the responsible position of area manager . philip , like andrew and peter , was from the town of bethesda . the secret of the pyramid was brought to light by science . it looks like cherry blossom - viewing season is at an end . you can see the petals fluttering down . do you have an extra english dictionary by any chance ? should anyone call on me in my absence , tell him that i will be back soon . the chances are that he has not heard the news yet . it occurred to me that he might be an industrial spy . the chickens were scratching for food on the ground . the mountains in the himalayas are higher than those in the andes . i really enjoyed the beefsteak you served , not to mention the other dishes . keeping up with the joneses is expensive in rich town like beverly hills . the weakness of vinyl is that it is easily affected by heat . i felt so good as i lazed in the sunshine that i drifted off to sleep . even though i was sitting in the sun , i still felt chilly . being left alone , the boy didn't know what to do . left to himself , the child would feel very lonely . one speaks english , and the other speaks japanese . you should have told me that you wanted me to come alone . unable to accomplish the task by himself , he turned to me for help . many a quarrel comes about through a misunderstanding . she had changed so much that i couldn't recognize her . it was very cold , and then before long , on top of that , it began to rain . it's terribly cold . i think i'm going to catch a cold . it was a terrible confusion ; sue slipped later in the water . they're all mad at you . a piece of bread was not enough to satisfy his hunger . the trip was canceled because of the terrible storm . hearing the terrible noise , i asked him what was going on . having a bad cold , he was absent from school today . owing to a bad cold , he could not take part in the game . a bad cold prevented her from attending the class . i had a bad headache . that's why i went to bed early . a critically wounded elephant went berserk and attacked every living thing in his path . in spite of the terrible congestion , i was in time for the appointment . the noise of the heavy traffic kept me awake all night . terrible shooting broke out the night before last . the heavy rain compelled us to put off our departure . we were late for school because it rained heavily . he is hurt badly and is unconscious ; that is , he can't think , speak , or hear . hideo turned the steering wheel sharply to avoid the bicyclist . i'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games .
eng	 oh my gosh ! you're the last person i expected to meet in a situation like this . a pick is a long handled tool used for breaking up hard ground surfaces . foods rich in vitamin e include dark - green , leafy vegetables , beans , nuts and whole - grain cereals . the police came as soon as they heard the gunfire . a successful business is built on careful financial management . a businessman is working out some figures with a calculator . can i switch over from a sightseeing visa to a business one ? it'll be impossible to get a visa at short notice . many of the things pizzaro had heard about the inca treasure were true . pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style . this school was recommended to me by someone i asked to help me with the visa application process . queen victoria was the sovereign of great britain . the pretty girl in the bikini was an eye - opener on the beach . the hikari runs between tokyo and shin - osaka in three hours and ten minutes . picasso kept drawing pictures until he was 91 years old . when the little boy saw the clown , the cat got his tongue . i would like to have something to munch on with my beer . how much beer people drink largely depends on the weather . the beatles set the world on fire with their incredible music . the hair style of the beatles created a sensation . peter takes after his mother more than his father . peter talks with his parents in the united states on the phone at least once a week . peter has been trying to find a new apartment for some time . peter was fed up with childish girls and wanted to meet a really mature woman . peter overcame a lot of difficulties before succeeding as a doctor . peter and carol were at odds with each other over where to spend their vacation . i'm no match for him when it comes to playing the piano . it takes years of practice to play the piano well . a piano is expensive , but a car is more expensive . never did i dream that i would take first place in the piano contest . in addition to being a pianist , she is a painter . whether or not beer gardens get a lot of customers depends on the weather . the number of japanese who live on bread has increased . i like to bake bread and give a loaf to my friend mie . humpty dumpty sat on a wall ; humpty dumpty had a great fall . all the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't put humpty dumpty together again . bread is made from flour , water , and often yeast . we have lots of bread , and as for butter , we have more than enough . your diet is going to be really unbalanced if all you eat is hamburgers . which would you like to have with your bread , butter or cheese ? the ambulance went out of control and came close to running over a pedestrian . please take off all your clothes except your underpants and bra . the hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope net . i'm not sure about hawaii , where there are also many japanese , but i do find that having at least some japanese around can be reassuring . that's how i feel . hawaii is often referred to as " the pearl of the pacific . "
eng	 i'll stop giving them chocolate on valentine's day . it is a silly practice for non - christians to send chocolates on st . valentine's day . how many days will it take until the swelling goes down ? halley's comet comes round once every eighty years . a ballet theater is a place in which i can study motion . his height is a great advantage when he plays volleyball . some of my classmates like volleyball and others enjoy tennis . haruyo is undoubtedly under stress during this entrance - examination season . haruyo steeled herself to tell akiyoshi that she wanted to stop dating him . mr balboa is so well known as to need no introduction . i went all the way to see her only to find her away from home . it was nice of you to come all this way to see me . long ago in early cultures , the ball in the game was the symbol of the sun . flight 101 from paris arrived one hour ahead of time . paris is called the city of lights . many beautiful buildings are lit at night . paris , which is on the seine , is a beautiful city . it is extremely hot and humid in bali in december . i have to brush up my french before i go to paris to study . i visited him at intervals during my stay in paris . could she make herself understood in french in paris ? evidence that harrison did not intend this work to be a parody can be seen in his letter to mrs . evans . mrs . harris is very doubtful about her son's future . the victims of the hurricane have not tasted food for three days . there are good grounds for the view that paris was the scene of frequent riots even before the revolution of 1789 . harry left his family 200 million yen when he died . harry was late for class yesterday because of his accident . barry taylor's name has been put forward for the post of chairman . could you tell me where i could go to get a square meal ? i should have brought my umbrella . large raindrops are starting to fall . there is nothing i like so much as the smell of roses . it is better to be stung by a nettle than pricked by a rose . a parasol is used during the summertime to shade the face . i will have read hamlet three times if i read it again . during the bubble , people dreamed of a life of leisure . if only i'd sold that property during the economic bubble , i wouldn't have suffered such a big loss . a pub is a popular gathering place in which to drink beer . well , he is baptizing , and everyone is going to him . could you show me what you're serving in the buffet ? in the carteret islands , near papua new guinea , some people have already had to leave their homes because the seawater is washing around their houses . he said that he could smell something burning and that the telephones weren't working . the panama canal connects the atlantic with the pacific . the patrol car pursued a speeding sports car , but it all ended in a wild - goose chase . the pigeon and the ostrich are both birds ; one can fly and the other cannot . patty was so short that she couldn't get at the branch . i'm going to have to start lobbing . i can't win with passing shots alone .
eng	 if you can't lift your backpack , then you can't carry it ! not to mince matters , i don't want you to come to our party . quit talking like you've got something stuck in your mouth and say what you mean . just for the record , i totally disagree with this decision . i will give you a call as soon as i know for sure . there is nothing more shameful than to say what one cannot say for certain . may i ask a few more questions about that point ? it's a little obscure . i am not sure , but i think i want to be a teacher . dr . patterson communicated with a gorilla using sign language . dr . patterson also uses spoken language with koko . dr . patterson : oh , no ! she was very gentle with him . dr . patterson : not at all ! koko has taught us that gorillas are intelligent enough to learn sign language . dr . patterson : sure . do you know about koko's love for cats ? it is unclear in patterson's experiment whether the output objects fully correspond to the designed models . i am seeking a person who can write a personal computer manual . what do you think of the idea of making a bus trip ? i'd like to have a single room with a bath for two nights . our house is quite satisfactory except that it is rather a long way to the bus stop . getting to the bus stop , he found the bus had left . the bus had already left when i got to the bus stop . no one is waiting at the bus stop . we may have missed the bus . while waiting for the bus , i was caught in a shower . while i was waiting for the bus , i saw a traffic accident . while getting off the bus , she heard her name called . when riding a bus or a train , you need to pay the fare . a passport identifies you as a citizen of a country and allows you to travel to foreign countries . a passport is something you cannot do without when you go to a foreign country . the person whose name was on the passport was described with words . i became very nervous when i couldn't locate my passport . without a passport , leaving a country is out of the question . the bus was very crowded . i wish i had taken a taxi . the bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street . the bus was so crowded that i was kept standing all the way to the station . as there was no bus service , we had to walk all the way to the station . since there was no vacant seat on the bus , i stood the whole way . there were no more than five passengers in the bus . the bus conductor told her to get off because she could not pay the fare . a bus driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers . the driver told us to be careful when we got off the bus . the bus service won't be available until the snow has melted . i was late for the bus , late for work , and got a run my stockings . you'd better leave at once so that you don't miss the bus . it was careless of her to leave her umbrella in the bus . there being no vacant seats on the bus , i was kept standing all the way to the station . there being no vacant seat in the bus , i kept on standing . if you go by bus , you can get there in about one - third of the time .
eng	 a bus transported us from the airport to the city . please remain seated until the bus stops completely . please remain seated until the bus comes to a complete stop . the bus fell off the cliff , killing all 10 aboard . brian , in his pajamas , is engaged in reading in the house in the morning . at first he did not realize that he had won the speech contest . at first , i couldn't figure out what he was saying . how do you do , mrs . allen ? i'm pleased to meet you . i didn't like rock music at first , but it soon grew on me . never go across the street without looking for cars first . a child who has first learned to talk will badger his parents with " whys " and " whats " . you should be on your guard when doing business with strangers . everything was exciting to me when i visited spain for the first time . the new drug will be tested in vaxgen's laboratory . stop making a fool of yourself . everyone is laughing at you . put this stamp on the postcard and drop it in the mailbox . flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation .  " will you have another slice of pie ? " " yes , please . " the pilot explained to us why the landing was delayed . the gentleman with his pipe in his mouth is a famous reviewer . holmes is a great pipe man as well as a great detective . she got a run in her stocking when she broke the heel of her shoe . to prevent hijacks , all carry - on baggage is carefully inspected . it can be dangerous for young people to ride motorcycles . it is said that the vikings preceded columbus in discovering america . hikers need to carry a compass with them to find their way through the woods . biotechnology will bring about a revolution in agriculture . yes . we'll visit a factory which produces television sets . yes , and here's a photo of the farm where we milked the cows . yes . he can run 100 meters within twelve seconds .  " are the taxis being used ? " " yes , they are . " doctor burns , what should doctors do when a patient's brain is badly damaged ? do you know a good specialty store dealing in herbs ? just make sure that credit is given : " from the herbs , by leon thomas , published by herbal life . " the heart - shaped pond is the pride of the royal couple . part - time workers play an important role in the development of the economy . when the bartender totals the bill for a customer who is drunk and angry , he must be very careful to mind his p's and q's . when he got to the party , sam made a bee line for the food . a party is a good place to make friends with other people . i feel in my bones that the party will be a great success . each person's share of the expenses for the party is 4000 yen . at the party , one of his political opponents humiliated him in the presence of many guests . my brother saw to all the arrangements for the party . he was still mumbling something about hospitals at the end of the party when he slipped on a piece of ice and broke his left leg . i will leave everything about the party up to you . will we be in time for the beginning of the party ?
eng	 we will welcome whoever wants to come to the party . it's a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party . he took a taxi so as not to be late for the party . have you determined whom you will invite to the party ? among the guests invited to the party were two foreign ladies . i am grateful to you for inviting me to the party . i haven't decided yet whether i will attend the party . you should polish your shoes before you go to the party . i would just as soon stay at home as go to the party . though i have decided to go to the party , i'm not looking forward to it . you invited me to your party , but i can't make it this time . there were food and drink in abundance at the party . i would like to express to you my deepest gratitude for having been a guest at your party . don't bring any money to the party ; just bring yourself . everybody at the party was charmed with her grace . please say hello to her if you see her at the party . did you meet many interesting people at the party ? all the children sat up and behaved themselves at the party . please say hello to nancy if you see her at the party . a party will be held next saturday , that is to say , on august 25th . by the time the party is over , dawn will be breaking . i don't see any point in going if the party is almost over . hertz and avis are head to head competitors in the car rental business . blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once . i took advantage of a sale and bought three sweaters . let's take advantage of the bargain sale and save money . if you see the day through with mr bark without losing your temper , i'll believe you . i wish i could live at a more relaxed pace , instead of having to watch the clock all the time . she became the first woman to complete a two - way nonstop crossing of the channel in fifteen years . the normans' conquest of england had a great effect on the english language . the situation has come to the point where we either sink or swim . the norwegian diplomat mediated the secret negotiations that produced the historic document . in such countries as norway and finland , they have lots of snow in winter . an operation on his throat helped him recover from the pneumonia , but it left him without his voice . i am thirsty . i would like to have a cup of coffee . the nozomi is the fastest of all the trains in japan . dr . yukawa , the nobel prize winner , died in 1981 . irene pepperberg , a researcher at northwestern university , is discovering that a parrot can not only mimic people but also learn the meaning of words . what are you hiding ? come on , tell me . you can't keep it from me . that's creepy . is it possible to reproduce 70 copies of your report which appeared in the november issue of the network and distribute them to our agents ? the screw , the lever , the wedge , the pulley , etc . are called simple machines . clerks with sticky fingers won't keep their jobs for long . put the cap back on the bottle in case the cat knocks it over . i left some scallions out on the veranda for too long and they dried out .
eng	 my feet started sticking in the muddy street . i nearly fell down . except for carrots , there is nothing he won't eat . hastily acquired knowledge was not enough to solve the problem . we were caught in a shower and got wet to the skin . i was caught in a shower and was drenched to the skin . the game was called off because it suddenly started raining . a gust of wind blew a shower of rain directly into my face . thank you for your kind assistance while i was in new york . international business machines corporation , based in armonk , new york , is the world's largest computer firm . new york is among the largest cities in the world . new york is sometimes referred to as the melting pot of races . new york is one of the cities that i previously thought that i wanted to visit . new york is the center of america's stock exchange . new york , where my father is staying on business , is a much more dangerous city than tokyo . can you tell me what the zip code is for new york ? the population of new york is smaller than that of tokyo . i'd like to do shopping on fifth avenue in new york . the stock market crash of october 1987 in new york is still vividly remembered . if you visit new york , you've just got to come and see our house . when i was in new york , i happened to meet my old friend . compared to new york , tokyo is a much safer place . many would jump at the chance to live in new york . the new york times reviews her gallery all the time . it is a four - hour drive from new york to boston . direct flights between new york and tokyo commenced recently . it occurred to me that i should keep the news to myself . the news was all about the collapse of the soviet union . according to the news report , the ruling coalition has secured 72 seats as of 5 p . m . the news says that there was a big earthquake in greece . newsweek had a big picture of the ex - movie star entering the police station . the whole population of new zealand is 3 , 410 , 000 , and one seventh of it are the maori people . we stopped over in los angeles for two nights on the way to new zealand . what's new zealand like ? is it as sparsely populated as australia ? the climate of new zealand is similar to that of japan . i hear they have a lot of problems with the tunnels in new zealand . nick complained to me about the high prices in tokyo . nick looks down on anyone who comes from a rural area . nick can speak portuguese very well . that's because he's been studying it for 5 years . i must ask nick his new address and telephone number when i see him . when nicole heard that her favorite singer had died , she burst into tears . miss nicholas swam from dover on the english side to france in 8 hours and 58 minutes , then turned around and returned to england .  " how can a man be born when he is old ? " nicodemus asked . nixon was caught lying because he bugged his own office . nixon tried to stonewall through watergate by ignoring it , but it didn't work . nikita khrushchev was at the height of his powers . for one reason or another their holiday in france didn't come up to expectations .
eng	 what a gorgeous sunset ! let's hang around for a couple of minutes and watch it . what a wonderful morning ! i feel on top of the world . if it's at all possible , i'd like you to take part in the next meeting . you had better apologize to him for that failure in some way or other . what a small television set ! does it really work ? why am i the only one they complain about ? they're just making an example out of me and using me as a scapegoat . people who are constantly copying others do it because they can't think for themselves . what a lot of books ! do they belong to the university library ? i'm sure you're thinking to yourself , 'why is this guy making such a big deal of this ? ' but make no mistake . this is essential . no matter what the problem is , it's essential to get at the heart of the matter . i don't know how , but i just picked it up naturally .  " can you smell something burning ? " " oh , i went and burnt the toast . " looks like i might have to burn the midnight oil tonight . nancy greeted me with a nod from across the street . nancy has been on good terms with my sister for more than five years . nancy was surprised that bob won the first prize in the contest . nancy was to show up at the place , but she didn't make it . not knowing that nancy had left him , i put my foot in my mouth by asking paul how she was . oooh , sick ! what is that stuff ? it's all spongy . i envy your lifestyle - living day - to - day like that . it's true that she knows a lot about cooking , but she isn't a good cook . it is true that they talk a lot , but they say little . he may be clever , but he often makes careless mistakes . indeed he is young , but he is well experienced for his age . it is true he is young , but he has much good sense . it is true that he is young , but he is very reliable . it is true he has a good fast ball , but he is often wild . it is true that he has a good fast ball , but he is often wild . he was at the meeting , to be sure , but he was asleep . he is a nice person , to be sure , but not very clever . he may still be young , but he really is a reliable person . indeed he is still young , but he is very prudent . it is true he is a learned man , but he lacks common sense . it is true that mochida did his best , but he wasn't careful enough . your plan sounds good , but the bottom line is : will it bring us more business ? it is true that yours is a good idea , but i am afraid it will be hard to put into practice . it is true the boy is mischievous , but he is kind at heart . it's true that the project is a difficult task , but mr hara will be able to bring it off . i'd like to come to see the doctor as soon as possible . may we ask you to remit the settlement in full at your earliest convenience ? he is a foreigner , as is evident from his accent . napoleon called the english a nation of shopkeepers . napoleon's army lost the battle of waterloo in 1815 . napoleon's army now advanced and a great battle begins . had napoleon been born in this century , what could he have done ?
eng	 living as i do in a remote village , i seldom have visitors . what are you smirking at ? did something good happen ? you were just listening to the talk , without thinking . for better or worse , she will have the operation tomorrow . why have the apes evolved more than other animals ? would you tell me why you have refused their offer ? i understand now why he didn't go to a university . i think the reason that he killed his wife is still a mystery . why did you do such a foolish thing at the risk of your life ? why did the newly married japanese man say something bad about his wife ? can you figure out why the boss is so unfriendly this week ? the reason why we cannot support his view will be given below . why did you tear the cloth instead of cutting it with scissors ? why ? because his family needed the money , that's why . the reason is that i want to be an english teacher . why ? because terry tate always replied promptly , that's why . for nothing is so beautiful but that it betrays some defect on close inspection . because it is politics that has caused this war , making the war our everyday reality . if you want to know why , it's because i caused five car accidents this year . why is the politician trying to kill off the opinions of the majority ? you should not have lent the money to such a person . i can't understand why you are so critical of him . if a thing is worth doing it is worth doing badly . my sister has difficulty qualifying for a credit card . naomi is learning english with a view to going abroad . the nile is longer than any other river in the world . after using the knife , please be sure to put it back where it was . the fingerprints on the knife attest to her guilt . there is a rule concerning the use of knives and forks . mrs . thompson wants to conceal the fact that she is a millionaire . mr thompson had lived in tokyo for two years before he went back to scotland . i'm sure you'll love what we have on the menu tonight . you should not inflict any injury on others on any account . you can buy and read any kind of book at any time . every actor has cold feet just before the beginning of a show . there nothing so difficult but it becomes easy by practice . even a large sum of money cannot take the place of a man's life . that can diagnose anything , quicker and cheaper than a doctor . i had been at a loss as to what career to decide on , but your advice has helped me to see the light regarding my future . what sort of information do you get on the internet ? what sort of curtains do you think would go with the carpet ? since i don't know what questions i'll be asked , i'll have to wing it at my presentation . under no circumstances must you swim in the deep river ! under no circumstances should you repeat this to anyone . you should work hard so that you can pass any exam you take . which idea do you think had the greatest influence on the english in the middle ages ? people would laugh at any child who did something like that . whatever language you study , you cannot do without a dictionary .
eng	 no matter what results may follow , i will carry out my plan . whatever the outcome , you must meet the challenge . whatever results may follow , i will carry out my plan . in any industry a reputation can make or break people . no musician would have thought of playing that music at the funeral . all doctors say something to please their patients . no matter how hard i practiced , i wasn't able to do the backstroke . any translation , however good , will clearly fall short of the original . even the most graceful and imposing existing buildings may now be so sadly diminished as to seem slightly ridiculous beside the monster . no matter how late you may stay up , get up by seven in the morning . no matter how busy you are , i think you should at least read a newspaper . however busy you may be , you must do your homework . however hard one may work , one cannot master a foreign language in a year or two . no matter how rich he may be , he is never contented . no matter how often i tell her , she keeps making the same mistake . be it ever so humble , there's no place like home . however tired you may be , you must finish that work today . despite all my efforts , i will not have the report ready by friday . no matter how hard he tried , he could not get out of the maze . look as i might , nowhere could i find my lost watch . no matter how fast you may walk , you can't catch up with him . however fast you may try to run , you will never beat a motorbike . no matter how fast you run , you won't catch up with him . no matter how humble it is , there's no place like home . however humble it is , there is no place like home . accidents will happen in the best - regulated families . however small it may be , i want a house of my own . i'd rather have a room of my own , however small it may be . no matter how long it takes , i will finish the work . no amount of wealth can satisfy a covetous man . all the treasure in the world won't make him happy . no matter how hard you try , the result will be the same . i'll buy that old clock , however expensive it is . however hard it may rain , we will start tomorrow . no matter how rich , one should not live an idle life . no matter how fast you drive , you won't get there on time . however cold it may be , he still jogs 20 kilometers every day . no matter how cold it was , he never wore an overcoat . no matter how hard you may study , you cannot master english in a year or two . no matter how hard you may study english , you cannot master it in a year or so . however hard i try , i can never catch up with him . however hard i try , i can't do it any better than she can . no matter how hard you try , you can't finish it in a day . however hard you try , you can't finish it in a day . however hard you try , you can't finish it in a week or so . however hard i tried , i could not solve the problem . however hard you may try , you will not be able to do it . it will cost thirty thousand yen at the lowest estimate . no matter how often i put on my thinking cap , i am afraid my unpreparedness will dominate .
eng	 the damages are estimated not to exceed a million yen at the worst . no matter how rich one may be , one cannot live happily without health . what kind of sports we play depends on the weather and the season . everything was allowed : you could kick , trip , hit , or bite your opponent . i will never sell my friend down the river for anything in the world . we must keep the children from danger at all costs . you should on no condition touch these instruments . would you please reserve a room near the toronto international airport ? when the thief heard the dog bark , he took to his heels . the burglar gained access to the house through a window . fishing trawlers have fished out all the local waters . it was difficult for us to decide which one to buy . it is surprising how many unhappy marriages there are . tracy , i just felt like hearing the sound of your voice . the dollar was devalued against the japanese currency from 360 yen to 308 yen . the dollar dropped to 125 today from 126 yen yesterday . the exchange rate for the yen against the dollar has risen . i noticed , among other things , that he was drunk . you should especially not drink on an empty stomach . among other things , he has an eye for good pictures . above all , scientific terms call for precise definitions . above all , be careful about what you eat and drink . are you mad that you should stay up all night playing cards ? i hit on the terrific idea of cheating at cards by chance . the invention of the transistor introduced a new era . is this the right window for cashing travelers' checks ? i have one thousand dollars in travelers' checks and five hundred in cash . the truck scraped along the wall in the narrow road . the trucks had failed the inspection , but the drivers took them out anyway . three workers on board the truck were killed in the accident . a truck came into contact with the bridge supports . we happened to see a truck run into the guard - rail . drivers must look out for children crossing the road . toyota corporation announced that it would cut 1 , 000 positions this year . my wife is crying a river of tears because queen elizabeth ii has passed away . tom hurt his left knee during practice , so john had to play the game in his place . tom is in his element when he is playing baseball . tom lost his cap , and he felt that he had to buy a new one . tom appealed to his mother to buy a new toy for him . tom never fails to send a birthday present to his father . tom asked his father if he could go to the cinema . tom was so careless as to leave his camera in the bus . tom told her that he had written that poem two years before . tom was unhappy because she wouldn't ask him anything . tom stood on the platform in westminster underground station . tom is not a lazy boy . as a matter of fact , he works hard . tom regretted having wasted a great deal of his life . tom expected to leave early in the morning , but he overslept . tom , who is kind , will be glad to do anything for me . tom is accustomed to calling up girls on the telephone .
eng	 tom got so absorbed in his work that he forgot to eat . tom is in charge of this year's tennis tournament . tom put off his wedding because of a traffic accident . tom took heart and , sure enough , on new year's eve he was able to hobble along to a party . tom is by no means unintelligent . he is just lazy . tom got time and a half when he worked beyond his usual quitting time . tom watched them hurry through the doors , a disagreeable expression on his face . tom was called down by his boss for coming late to work . tom looked worried about the result of an english test . tom can't swim at all . on the other hand , he is a good baseball player . tom became popular among teenagers as soon as he made his debut on the screen . tom , who had been working all day , wanted to have a rest . tom persuaded her into going to the movies with him . tom is thinking about applying for a better - paying job . poor tom's been trying to get to sleep for three hours now . tom has been going with jane for almost a year now . tom met mary at a party , and it was love at first sight . tom couldn't make the grade with mary ; she refused him when he asked her for a date . tom became good friends with the elevator operator in their hotel . tom is captain of the football team and is on the baseball team as well . you can easily identify tom because he is very tall . tom is so intelligent that he stands out in class . tom was too shy to take part in games with the other boys . tom happened to let out the secret to his friends . tom may have missed the train . he hasn't come yet . tom speaks spanish , and betty speaks spanish , too . tom loses his temper so easily that everybody avoids him . tom always makes fun of john because of his dialect . tom satisfied his hunger by eating some sandwiches . tom is going to apply for a job with a computer company . tom is more hardworking than any other student in his class . tom made a motion that the class should have a party . tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day . tom is better at science than anyone else in his class . tom boasts of never having been defeated in a horse race . tom attributed his failure in the exam to illness . a good student like tom brings honor to our class . i might as well throw my money into the sea as lend it to tom . if you go drinking with tom , be prepared to listen to some pretty outlandish cock and bull stories . tom and mike became acquainted through their mutual friends . tom and bill arrived at the conclusion independently of each other . tom and jim have been on bad terms for many years . tom and jane quarreled , but they made up the next morning . it's not just tom that has to study . i have to study , too . i borrowed money not only from tom , but from his wife , too . it was at oxford university that tom studied history . there is little , if any , hope that tom will win the election . it was a pity that tom couldn't come to our party . tom ran and ran , until at last he saw the telephone booth . no sooner had tom turned on the tv than the fuse blew .
eng	 tom skeleton was shaking and trembling in every limb . mr tom jones has agreed to serve as the project leader for this new work item . i'm going to have you read the letter to me , tom . give me your passport , tom . i'll keep it in my safe . tommy did not want to run the risk of losing his job .  " which line should i get in ? " " any line is fine . " whichever road you may take , it will lead to the station . you should be prudent in deciding which way to go . whatever course you may take , you must do your best . but every train is so crowded that whatever we have in our hands doesn't fall even if we let it go . sales have dropped off at every big department store . it matters very little what college you graduated from . i had some difficulty making up my mind which colleges to apply to . he will have determined which college he wants to go to . i'm thinking about which college might be best for me . can you please tell me why there seem to be two churches in every village ? every student was asked his or her name and birthplace . a full description of him has been circulated in every newspaper . every reporter sent his stories with the least possible delay . every government office seems to have problems in expediting matters without entanglement in its red tape system . what school a person graduated from counts for nothing . how did you come by an admission ticket for the auto show free of charge ? please inform me what options are available to me . half the fun of giving and receiving presents at any party is to see and talk about what everyone else brought . i would appreciate any information you can send to us . life has its sorrows , as every rose has its thorns . could you tell me which bus or train goes to the center of the town ? which team is the most likely to win the championship ? the debate over which consultant to use went on for hours . how much longer will i have to stay in the hospital ? nobody knows exactly how many races make up the population of the united states . at any rate , i must finish this work by tomorrow . anyway , if it just stops raining , then we might be able to go out . in any case , i must finish this work by tomorrow . at any rate , we have to finish this chapter before we can start on the next . at any rate , i'll go to college after graduating from high school . anyway , i'm glad you were able to broach this difficult subject . i'm making about four times as much myself as when i first hired tony . tony heard her voice and stopped playing the piano . tony ate his meals in the kitchen and he slept in a little room at the top of the farmhouse . tony realized that if he hired another crew , got more customers and did the job quicker and sloppier , he could make more money . tony went to boston for the purpose of carrying out an important business transaction . tony took off his shirt and cleaned the piano with it . tony and his mother got on a bus in the middle of the town . tony and his mother arrived at the farmhouse and walked through the farmyard .
eng	 i wonder if you would kindly introduce us to someone . it was such a fine day that we decided to have a picnic . we can never begin to finish this work by tomorrow . people usually find it very difficult to break the ice when they meet someone extremely attractive for the first time . i'm traveling on a tight schedule . i don't have the time . i'm so tired that i don't feel like studying tonight . i'm very tired . i don't feel like taking a walk now . there wasn't anything like enough light to read by . it was such a nice day that the street was full of people . it was so nice a day that we went for a hike in the mountains . it was such a nice day that we decided to have a picnic . it was so still that you would have heard a pin drop . it was so hot that i got into the shade and took a rest . it was so hot that she felt like eating ice cream . it was such a hot night that i could not sleep till midnight . i dislike going through customs at the airport because it takes so long . it took us a long time , but finally we were able to find it . i'm fine , thanks . oh , laura , this is my friend , ayako . much to my surprise , the door opened noiselessly . it was very cold , and what was worse , it began to rain . it being awfully cold , the party were almost frozen to death . the child had no overcoat on although it was very cold . it was such a cold day that there was nobody on the street . it was such a cold day that we decided not to go out . i don't know the name of the birds that were singing such a merry song . i was having a very good time , when the sad news came . it was very pleasant . however , it would have been more pleasant if i had been able to speak english fluently . it was such a pleasant day that we went for a walk . a very handsome prince met an exceptionally beautiful princess . it is such a beautiful day that i'd like to go fishing in the river . being very rich , he thought he could do anything . it was so noisy that i couldn't make myself heard . if it weren't for the climate , i'd like it here very much . pretty good . did you go to today's history seminar ? the doppler effect is also observed with light and with radiant energy in general . the top engineer put the car through a series of rigorous tests . the two leading firms are actually in cahoots with each other . i don't know which dress to choose ; it's a toss up between the red one and the green one . whichever you read , you will find it interesting . it won't make any difference whichever you choose . whichever you choose , make sure it is a good one . whichever you may choose , it will do you a lot of good . no matter which you make , you will be satisfied with it . whichever highway you decide on , it will be crowded with cars and trucks . whichever way you go , you can get to the station . whichever way you take , it'll take you the same time . no matter which road you follow , the drive to town won't take you more than twenty minutes . whichever way you may take , you can get to the station in about ten minutes .
eng	 we have given careful thought to both alternatives . which prince is the legitimate heir to the throne ? it's a tossup as to who will win ; both teams are about the same in quality . if anything , my father seems happier than before . if anything , my grandfather seems happier than before . if anything , my new job is harder than my old one . if anything , the economy in our country is going up . the dodgers went on winning with irresistible force . the dodgers and giants , traditional rivals , arrived together . no matter where you may travel , be sure to phone me once a week . by the way , what happened to the money i lent you ? by the way , would you like to come and see my mother ? so , betty , have you decided on your dream home yet ? by the way , did you have any spare time to go sightseeing while you were there ? instead she merely looked surprised and - could it be - amused . everywhere you go , you will find the same scenery . wherever you go , you will meet people who are kind and generous . no matter where you go , you will find no place like home . no matter where you may go , you may find the same thing . wherever you may go , you will not find a better place than your home . even if you go away , i'll still passionately love you . wherever you may go , you may find examples of his evil doings . wherever you go , you will find the same kind of people . where to go and what to see were my primary concerns . every hospital has a back - up electric generator in case of blackout . as children are known to emulate the values of adults , it is often pointed out such " education mamas " instill a warped sense of values in their children . do you know where i might find small cowboy boots ? when we discussed where to go on a picnic , some wanted to go to the forest , others wanted to go to the sea . not knowing where to get off the bus , i asked the driver . it's a good rule to look both ways before you cross the street anywhere . before we go anywhere , we should exchange some money . they could hear the elegant , flowing sound of a harp coming from somewhere . if you go anywhere , you had better tell your mother first . some wise guy left the milk out of the refrigerator all night . in this town , if anywhere , you will find old japan at her best . would you like to go out to have a drink somewhere ? i could tell at a glance that something was wrong . by the way , have you seen anything of carter lately ? mingle your joys sometimes with your earnest occupation . sometimes machines can make an unconscious person breathe for years . every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office . every now and then i like to have hot and spicy food . the oil often spilled by tankers also adds to water pollution . every now and then , i play tennis for recreation . sometimes when it's very cold , i can't get my car to start . from time to time , a proposal to pull down a much - loved old building to make room for a new block of flats , raises a storm of angry protest .
eng	 from time to time , he goes to the library to get new information about books . sometimes we lie to keep from hurting someone else's feelings . it should be noted that dole did not intend to change the configuration of the communication protocol . mr . thomas had no objection to mr . white being elected chairman . thomas hurried away so as to be in time for the train . thomas could not carry out his task on account of an accident . let me congratulate you on your victory in the tournament . totem poles consist of a group of figures that represent animals , birds , fish , mythological beings and supernatural beasts . these poles , called totem poles , are thought to have been worshipped or constructed for frightening enemies . even with a generous estimate , there were at most only 2 , 000 people . this is hardly the time to start a new enterprise . to all appearances , their actions haven't borne fruit . i seem to have left my umbrella behind in the train . it seems that he was late for the meeting yesterday . how will they get through the cold winter in that tent ? the question of how to establish the optimal formula is still open . how can three men divide $5 ? i'll give each of them only $1 , and i'll keep $2 . it sounds to me as if he has something to do with the matter . it seems that there is something wrong with the telephone . i get the feeling you still have an axe to grind . if you've got something to say come on out and say it . it seems that something is wrong with the computer . finally the children saw a little orchard in the middle of the mountain with apple trees growing inside it . i have finally finished my homework ; now i can go to bed . eventually the salesman persuaded me to buy the expensive machine . in the end , because of the disease , he became unable to walk and had to use a motorized wheelchair to get around . i can't work at all with all these useless calls coming in . you'll have to do it , whether you like it or not . please make yourselves at home , and help yourselves to drinks . please write down your name , address , and phone number here . please make yourself at home , and help yourself to some coffee . i appreciate your request to reproduce 70 copies of my report . the essence of japanese culture could never be appreciated by them . at any rate , if you learn english , study it thoroughly . if you learn english at all , learn it thoroughly . not knowing what to do , i asked the teacher for advice . in making a decision , i rely not on logic but on instinct . i can't start up my computer . what am i supposed to do ? how did she get mixed up with such unpleasant people ? i don't understand why she is opposed to my opinion . why should he think that he knows better than i do ? why did you leave out the first question on the exam ? what made you think that my favorite color was green ? why ask me ? wouldn't it be better to do it yourself ? why all of a sudden did he ask me such a serious question ? how can you believe that she made away with the papers ? i can't understand how your father managed to see through that man .
eng	 for some reason or other i cannot bring myself to work . for the life of me , i couldn't remember his name . i cannot for the life of me remember where it was . why don't you get rid of your motorcycle ? you never ride it any more . how can you be so passive ? why don't you retaliate ? i can't understand why james always finds fault with his wife . not knowing what to do , we telephoned the police . why do they say you have to learn english to survive ? why didn't you tell us about this earlier ? we'd have been able to do something about it . i don't know how to satisfy his need for constant attention . as i was at a loss what to do , i asked my teacher for advice . what's the matter , dad ? why are you grimacing like that ? have you lost your marbles , wearing those bell - bottoms ? would you please tell me the story about bird watching ? please keep me informed of what is happening there . i hope you will give my best regards to your family . please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow morning . as he didn't know what to say , he remained silent . i leave it in your hands what course of action to take . whatever the origin is , valentine's day has had a long and romantic history . the argument presented in doyle's study was first published as a white paper on drug - related crimes . i can't remember how to say " thank you " in german . germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's . the division of germany was considered a given until 1989 . the population of germany is less than half that of the united states . the german chancellor is plagued by immigration problems . their stay in germany for a year was very fruitful . in germany today , anti - violence rallies took place in several cities , including one near hamburg where three turks were killed in an arson attack on monday . therefore , a center for the development of human resources should be built in japan . which was because i didn't follow the directions in the manual or learn their lessons . for the law was given through moses ; grace and truth came through jesus christ . that means that even if they only have two children each , the population will continue to grow rapidly . i showed my ticket to the doorman and went into the theatre . after i shut the door , i remembered i had left my key behind . i had no sooner closed the door than somebody started knocking on it . i opened the door and saw two boys standing side by side . i tried to open the door , and the doorknob came off . it is very careless of you to leave the door open . the instant he opened the door , he smelt something burning . opening the door , i found a stranger standing there . the doorman did not permit me to enter the theater . we couldn't open the door because it was locked from within . the door remaining locked up from inside , he could not enter the house . you have only to stand in front of the door . it will open by itself . the handle came away from the door when i grasped it . i know the boy who is sitting closest to the door . how careless he was to pinch his fingers in the door !
eng	 the door was locked , so i couldn't get into the room anyway . the doors were locked and we couldn't get in anyhow . the parking spaces nearest the door are reserved for executives . if a door doesn't fit the casing , we must plane it carefully until it does . when the door slammed unexpectedly , it startled me . what is that building whose door is painted white ? the door opened and there she was , standing in the doorway . as the door slid open , he almost fell onto the platform . if the door doesn't fit , you might have to shave off a bit of the wood until it closes properly . the festive mood was slightly spoiled by terrorist bombs . the grenade blew up before the terrorist could throw it , and his arm was blown off ! some tv programs are interesting , and others are not . he was arrested by police after a tv chase in osaka . television viewers see only what the camera shows . we'll visit a factory which produces television sets . it cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired . watching television changes the role of the fans by making their participation more passive and distant . some people read the newspaper while watching television . when you watch television or listen to the radio , the music which you hear is often african in origin . it was careless of him to go to bed with the tv on . students don't read many books because of tv and comics . television shows violence , which influences , above all , younger people . tv is harmful in that it keeps your mind in a passive state . television is a very important medium through which to provide information . television is a very important medium for giving information . television could be an important source of culture , and its educational broadcasts are valued in many schools . television enlightens the viewers as well as entertains them . tv has robbed us of our enjoyment of conversation at dinner at home . television enables you to be entertained by people you wouldn't have in your home . television has the advantage of providing sports fans with greater convenience . the fact that television frequently limits communication within families is already well known . some people say that cartoons on television are educational in themselves . the spread of television has considerably deprived us of our time for reading . the invention of tv caused a drastic change in our daily life . turn down the tv a little . i'm trying to go to sleep . the tv news program help us keep up with the world . according to tv news , there was a plane crash in india . some people insist that television does more harm than good . thanks to television , boys and girls are apt to neglect reading books . television enables us to know what is happening today . television enables us to learn about foreign manners and customs . thanks to television , we can enjoy watching baseball games in our rooms . what is shown on television is , as it were , a reflection of what society is like . television has robbed cinema of its former popularity . it is true that television also has some disadvantages .
eng	 i like nothing so much as to watch baseball games on television . cue cards are used primarily on television to help the actors remember their lines . although it is not a bad thing in itself , in a lot of cases , many people are watching too much television . i want a television set , but i can't afford to buy one . the spread of television enables us to enjoy the scenery of foreign countries . i don't think tv will ever take the place of books . my television was broken down , so i had to get it repaired . even a small sound from the tv interferes with my concentration . television has almost taken the place of the movie theater . if it were not for television , the world would feel even larger . can you imagine what life would be like without television ? the tv was so noisy that i couldn't concentrate on my reading . a delicatessen caught fire and burned down , leaving a heap of ashes . you'd better put your cigarette out before terry sees it . but it's a typical savannah country , and we enjoy cooler temperatures . the following day , however , the doctor consoled him by telling him that his chances of being able to leave hospital in time for new year celebrations were good . secret police moved among the crowd during the demonstration . while the demonstration was being made , the president was taking notes .  " but you just come here in the summer ! " said tony . but it was like trying to stop the rain from falling . but while i am here , do you think you could replace the batteries ? david has so many girlfriends that he can't remember all of their names . let's discuss the respective merits of the candidates . the department store was crammed with holiday shoppers . you can get all kinds of things to eat if you go to the free samples area in a department store . there is an advertising balloon flying above the department store . you can see the large exhibition at the department store anytime . a very pleasant young woman waited on me in the department store . the main point of dennett's book , in short , is to deny the existence of inner mental states . when it comes to playing tennis , he always beats me . let's play tennis . i've booked a court for 10 : 30 . such sports as tennis and baseball are very popular . in tennis and ping - pong backhand the hand is turned backwards in making the stroke . tennis is difficult . i never know which way the ball is going to fly . what are the four major golf tournaments comparable to the ones in tennis ? tennis is hard . the ball flies off in all directions when i hit it . uncle ted took us to the zoo in order to show us the pandas . ted is looking forward to going abroad after graduation . ted was finally able to communicate his thoughts in japanese . i had just finished my homework when ted phoned me . if ted were here , he could help us clean our room . i took it for granted that you would come with us . i didn't do well on the test so my parents chewed me out . after the exam we compared the answers we'd written . i used a photo of my dog for my desktop wallpaper .
eng	 cape dezhnev is 30 miles south of the arctic circle . we heard about your company from mr morris of digital com company . you can put your talents to good use if you become a designer . what would you like for dessert , ice cream or fresh fruit ? if you like dessert , you'll love grandma's kitchen ! i'd rather not take any medicine if i can avoid it . i would if i could , but i'm taking sailing lessons this week . actually it might be a good idea to start right now . i will make up for the lost time by working as hard as i can . it's important to unite as many workers as possible . you should memorize as many english words as possible . running as fast as i could , i was able to catch up with my friend . running as fast as she could , she still failed to catch the bus . will you send someone to fix it as soon as possible ? i want you to return it to me as soon as possible . we are looking forward to receiving your quote as soon as possible . i look forward to receiving your reply as soon as possible . i'll meet him at the earliest opportunity possible . insofar as possible , our examples will be drawn from english . i held onto the rope for as long as i could , but i finally had to let go . as far as possible one should try to become on as close terms as possible with any sort of man . i am come to offer what service may be in my power . the alternative possibilities were resistance and flight . i feel like i've done all i can . now all there is to do is wait and see what comes of it . if i don't know the table manners , it doesn't really matter . who is the man sitting at the other end of the table ? we examined the following magazines to collect the data . they conducted the following experiment to collect the data . data can be transmitted from the main computer to yours , and vice versa . computer technology is indispensable to access many pertinent items of data . as is evident from the data , smoking is not decreasing among the young . tim's employer promised him pie - in - the - sky benefits . tim's motorbike is far more expensive than mine is . debate is an academic game between the affirmative and the negative . david has never had a steady job . he has always lived by his wits . david remained on the platform while the train was in sight . mr . and mrs . davis were invited to a christmas party at a hotel one year . my father picked up the tab for dinner , which came to $150 . just tell mr tate that helen cartwright is here to see him . dick has been dependent on his parents , but is now independent of them . disneyland was very interesting . you should've come with us . in disneyland , popular characters in various stories march in procession at one o'clock . when it comes to disco dance , i can't hold a candle to susan . please pack the disks and hard copies into the briefcase . she arranges the buying and selling of houses in and around deal . about 27 , 000 people live in and around deal , but it has a small town center and it feels very much like a small town . let's listen to the people of deal talk about their jobs and their everyday lives .
eng	 she lives just outside wripple , which is near deal . you should write handle with care on the parcel that contains the teacups . hold on to the strap . the train will start to move soon . you must get rid of the habit of biting your nails . in the end it is not possible to fully know somebody else . that is to say , they had a few hundred pounds , with which they had intended to buy a house as soon as they arrived . in brief , you should have accepted the responsibility . in short , it is because the 'plan . doc' file i attached in the previous email was infected with a virus . it shows that english is no longer the language only of the people of england . in brief , if the individual accepts the values of democracy , he must also accept the responsibilities of democracy . don't get upset about small things . try to think of things like a rich person who can afford not to argue . he meddled where he wasn't wanted and it backfired on him . a foolish misunderstanding severed their long friendship . don't get all bent out of shape over little things . a short temper can make you poor . i know better than to quarrel with her about trifles . it's a good paper , apart from a few spelling mistakes . i don't have good luck , so i don't play pachinko or buy lottery tickets . after a streak of bad luck , a persistent gambler will be forced to play for high stakes . during the recent trip to america , i made friends with jack . i ended up going over the top , drinking too much and having a terrible hangover the next day . at last both countries agreed on putting an end to the war . finally , the discord between them came to an end . finally , the sick , tired men reached the mountain town where he was waiting . finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake . finally , their friendship ended and their close relationship disappeared . in the end , he also faltered in the face of great adversity . finally he invited all and sundry to partake of the cake and all . at last he stopped before an old house , and caught another glimpse of the town . the rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail . i guess the time of reckoning has arrived at last . at last souichiro and yukino decided to cut the orange into halves . at last , john and sue decided to cut the apple into halves . he finally decided to go to his mother with the news his father had shared . finally , in 1314 , these games had become so violent and dangerous that king edward ii made a law . eventually , he was sentenced to five years in prison for the violent crime . the communist gave in to his tough opponent at last . at long last , the two chiefs of the indian tribes have decided to make peace . while you are about it , please make some coffee for me . if you follow me , i'll show you the way to the hospital . for six years , i was an early riser . that only changed recently . a foolish impulse made me say what i should have left unsaid . i wasn't being mindful and got on a wrong bus by mistake . during the tour he broke apart from the group and found his own way .
eng	 let your food cool off a bit ; don't eat it while it's hot . it might be a bit big but this envelope will do just fine . it's better to be too big than too small . wait a second . do you just think that all's well that ends well ? that's not the way it is . hold on a second , i'll be right back . don't hang up ! i don't eat supper because i want to lose some weight . what has become of the book i put here a few minutes ago ? i'd like to take my jacket off , please ; it's too hot . if you stop and relax , this will relieve the tension and stress in your shoulders . why don't we break off for a while and have some coffee ? excuse me just a second . i'll go and get the whiskey . can you spare a minute ? i'd like to discuss something of importance to both of us . a little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast . i have a complicated matter i want to discuss with you . we cannot tell a good person from a bad one by looks alone . a mere glance is not enough for us to tell one from the other . i laid down for a short nap and fell asleep for two hours . hold your horses , young man . you can't enter here unless you have a pass . could you keep an eye on my suitcase for a moment ? a couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident . a little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success . a slip of tongue will often lead us to unexpected results . i'll make a little money , and mr white will never know . i've been thinking that i may have been too critical . please wait a moment while i write out your receipt . when i asked whether i might talk with him a moment , he said , " by all means . " she was about to go to bed when someone knocked on the door . just as he was going out , there was a great earthquake . just as japanese boys play baseball , so english boys play cricket . just after putting away the dishes , joan heard the doorbell ring . just as food feeds the body , so reading feeds the mind . i was just about to go out when it began to rain hard . just as i don't have good eyes , so neither does my son . just as we are talking , there was a loud explosion . as i happened to be in the neighborhood , i went and paid him compliments . zurich is the second largest gold market in the world after london . far from hesitating , she willingly offered to help me . the champion's experience submitted to the young opponent's power . chew your food well so it can be digested properly . i expect you realised that without being conscious of it . i'll not divorce you , unless you give me a good reason . i need one month to make a permanent bridge for you . charles walcot investigated the magnetic compass bearing sense in pigeons . charles lindbergh made the first solo flight across the atlantic ocean in 1927 . in addition to being a great statesman , churchill was a great writer . people are talking about this internet phenomenon . if the tip was a dime in one glass , the waitress , in her haste to get the table ready for the next customer , would pick up the glass , the water would spill out , and that would be the end of it .
