eng	a protection system has been built into this circuit .
eng	the waiter was such a nice man we didn't like to complain about the meal .
eng	and they will continue to influence the world through the excitement of their literature , movies and music .
eng	i spent my summer vacation there , during which i enjoyed surfing .
eng	such things often happen by accident rather than by design .
eng	excuse me , but could you show me the way to the station ?
eng	some students neglect their studies in favor of sports .
eng	i can understand written spanish just a little , but spoken spanish is greek to me .
eng	star baseball players are often asked for autographs .
eng	susan has promised her mother that she will call her to let her know that they have arrived safely .
eng	john said he'd like to marry me , and i'm as happy as can be .
eng	there is a rumor that john and sue will get married .
eng	george did business in the same manner as his father did .
eng	what annoys me is that , although i object , she insists on buying it .
eng	as is often said , it is difficult to adjust yourself to a new environment .
eng	nowadays , however , calculators can be used freely in school examinations , and already in many schools the only sound to be heard during a math exam is the sound of children tapping on their calculators .
eng	but , most smokers try to avoid thinking about these things .
eng	it doesn't taste all that great for all the effort and technique the chef put into it .
eng	shakespeare is the greatest poet that england has produced .
eng	in addition many groups have been formed so that the elderly can socialize with one another and remain active participants in american life .
eng	i'm still alive , and that's the main thing , father says .
eng	the use of electronic computers is growing rapidly .
eng	i must apologize for not having written for such a long time .
eng	these two countries came to terms with each other for the sake of peace .
eng	by obtaining advanced technology from japan , those countries also plan to provide people with a technical education .
eng	this is the most exciting story that i have ever heard .
eng	this is a good dictionary for high school students .
eng	this is a good opportunity to get to know one another .
eng	we're all at sea about where to take our company from here .
eng	in this paper i address the question , what is difficult about the intermediary's position in a negotiation ?
eng	we will interview two people so we can hear both sides of this question .
eng	this book is easy enough for a five - year - old child to read .
eng	this museum is equipped with a fire prevention system .
eng	this country road leads to a small town ten miles away .
eng	i don't know what this word means . i'll look it up in the dictionary .
eng	prices rose drastically as a result of this policy .
eng	why don't you try this jacket on ? it looks nice with your trousers .
eng	pollutants like this derive mainly from the combustion of fuel in car engines .
eng	this dictionary is useful to beginners , yes , and to advanced learners .
eng	littering in this facility is subject to a maximum fine of $500 .
eng	cultures of the east and the west are mixed in this country .
eng	i would like to know how you will proceed in this matter .
