eng	no one shall be held guilty of any penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence , under national or international law , at the time when it was committed . nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed .
eng	everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief , and freedom , either alone or in community with others and in public or private , to manifest his religion or belief in teaching , practice , worship and observance .
eng	everyone , as a member of society , has the right to social security and is entitled to realization , through national effort and international co - operation and in accordance with the organization and resources of each state , of the economic , social and cultural rights indispensable for his dignity and the free development of his personality .
eng	everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well - being of himself and of his family , including food , clothing , housing and medical care and necessary social services , and the right to security in the event of unemployment , sickness , disability , widowhood , old age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control .
eng	everyone has the right to education . education shall be free , at least in the elementary and fundamental stages . elementary education shall be compulsory . technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all on the basis of merit .
eng	education shall be directed to the full development of the human personality and to the strengthening of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms . it shall promote understanding , tolerance and friendship among all nations , racial or religious groups , and shall further the activities of the united nations for the maintenance of peace .
eng	in the exercise of his rights and freedoms , everyone shall be subject only to such limitations as are determined by law solely for the purpose of securing due recognition and respect for the rights and freedoms of others and of meeting the just requirements of morality , public order and the general welfare in a democratic society .
eng	me and my colleagues lived in a small 2 room cabin built on the edge of a cliff on the mountain . i say 2 rooms , but besides the entrance , there was a 6 by 2 tatami room . we ate potatoes , dried fish and tofu . because we were on the top of a cold mountain , the potatoes would freeze during the winter .
eng	it is sickness to be obsessed with winning , it is sickness to be obsessed with using the martial arts , and it is sickness to be obsessed with putting forth all one has learned . it is sickness to be obsessed with offense , and it is also sickness to be obsessed with defense . it is also sickness to be obsessed with getting rid of sickness . to fix the mind obsessively on anything is considered sickness .
eng	forty - four americans have now taken the presidential oath . the words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace . yet , every so often , the oath is taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms . at these moments , america has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office , but because we the people have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebearers , and true to our founding documents .
eng	the most merciful thing in the world , i think , is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents . we live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity , and it was not meant that we should voyage far . the sciences , each straining in its own direction , have hitherto harmed us little ; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality , and of our frightful position therein , that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new dark age .
eng	when i was very young , my father died . his younger brother , due to the vicissitudes of the times and to his own laziness , dissipated his own fortune and afterwards became a peddler of writing materials . he often came to our house , but when he came , my mother would scold him and he would be troubled .
eng	a democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government . it can only exist until the majority discovers it can vote itself largess out of the public treasury . after that , the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits with the result the democracy collapses because of the loose fiscal policy ensuing , always to be followed by a dictatorship , then a monarchy .
eng	when the trumpets sounded , the army shouted , and at the sound of the trumpet , when the men gave a loud shout , the wall collapsed ; so everyone charged straight in , and they took the city . they devoted the city to the lord and destroyed with the sword every living thing in it — men and women , young and old , cattle , sheep and donkeys .
eng	we all live , at any rate for a time , and the majority of us always , in polygamy . consequently , as each man needs many women , nothing is more just than to let him , nay , make it incumbent upon him to provide for many women . by this means woman will be brought back to her proper and natural place as a subordinate being .
eng	that woman is by nature intended to obey is shown by the fact that every woman who is placed in the unnatural position of absolute independence at once attaches herself to some kind of man , by whom she is controlled and governed ; this is because she requires a master . if she , is young , the man is a lover ; if she is old , a priest .
eng	children below the age of 8 have an underdeveloped frontal lobe that might cause them to be unable to separate reality from fantasy . some of them might believe that there are monsters in their closet or under the bed , for example . they are also sometimes unable to distinguish dreams from reality .
eng	there is no such thing , at this stage of the world’s history in america , as an independent press . you know it and i know it . there is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions , and if you did , you know beforehand that it would never appear in print . i am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper i am connected with . others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things , and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job . if i allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers , before twenty - four hours my occupation would be gone . the business of the journalist is to destroy the truth , to lie outright , to pervert , to vilify , to fawn at the feet of mammon , and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread . you know it and i know it , and what folly is this toasting an independent press ? we are the jumping jacks , they pull the strings and we dance . our talents , our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men . we are intellectual prostitutes .
eng	the french language , by the way , is a clear stream that affected writers have never been , and will never be able to ripple . each century has thrown in this limpid current its fashions , its pretentious archaisms and its preciousness , without anything surfacing from those useless attempts , those powerless efforts . the nature of this language is to be clear , logical and nervous . it won't let itself be weakened , obscured or corrupted .
eng	there is a cult of ignorance in the united states , and there always has been . the strain of anti - intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life , nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that " my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge . "
eng	methinks i am like a man , who having struck on many shoals , and having narrowly escap'd shipwreck in passing a small frith , has yet the temerity to put out to sea in the same leaky weather - beaten vessel , and even carries his ambition so far as to think of compassing the globe under these disadvantageous circumstances .
eng	no society can surely be flourishing and happy , of which the greater part of the members are poor and miserable . it is but equity , besides , that they who feed , cloath and lodge the whole body of the people , should have such a share of the produce of their own labour as to be themselves tolerably well fed , cloathed and lodged .
eng	the poorest man may in his cottage bid defiance to all the forces of the crown . it may be frail — its roof may shake — the wind may blow through it — the storm may enter — the rain may enter — but the king of england cannot enter — all his force dares not cross the threshold of the ruined tenement !
eng	how much more so for my father , the honourable mr jia , who is generous and chivalrous , anxious to help those in difficulty , deals with people’s problems , and helps people marry off their daughters and raise their sons ; examples of these cannot be counted on one’s fingers . he spends money like dirt , much of it for other people .
eng	if one person's qualities are really good , and they have one hundred points , but of those hundred they only give you thirty or forty , or even ten or twenty and then inversely , another person maybe only has seventy or eighty points but they treat you with their heart and soul , then which person should you choose ?
eng	the interdependence of thought and speech makes it clear that languages are not so much a means of expressing truth that has already been established , but a means of discovering truth that was previously unknown . their diversity is a diversity not of sounds and signs but of ways of looking at the world .
eng	only the assumption that the reader - i better say : the prospective reader , because for the moment there is not the slightest prospect , that my writing could see the lights of publicity , - unless it miraculously left our endangered fortress europe and brought a hint of the secrets of our loneliness to those outside ; - i beg to be allowed to begin anew : only because i anticipate the wish to be told casually about the who and what of the writer , i send some few notes on my own individuum out before these openings , - of course not without the awareness that exactly by doing so i might provoke doubts in the reader , that he is in the right hands , which is to say : if i , from all my being , am the right man for a task to which maybe the heart pulls me more than any qualifying relation in character .
eng	liu manqiang , deputy director of the chinese research centre and college for social sciences and information technology , says " information and communication technology has the potential for a huge increase in value ; an important goal for the development of china's information technology is allowing more rural citizens to benefit from the information technology industry . "
eng	so why not just say " if you think you've done enough for tatoeba to become a trusted _ user , write a message to a trusted _ user or moderator that speaks your languages and tell them . they will look over your work to check whether you've understood the system or not . if you have , you're in . " ?
eng	life is something we are fond of , and death is something we dislike . things we are fond of bring happiness , and things we dislike bring sorrow . only when sorrow and happiness do not lose their proper bounds is man able to combine his strength with the nature of heaven and earth , and thus to endure for a long time .
eng	the female loves to play man against man , and if she is in a position to do it there is not one who will not resist . the male , for all his bravado and exploration , is the loyal one , the one who generally feels love . the female is skilled at betrayal and torture and damnation . never envy a man his lady . behind it all lays a living hell .
eng	love is like some fresh spring , that leaves its cresses , its gravel bed and flowers to become first a stream and then a river , changing its aspect and its nature as it flows to plunge itself in some boundless ocean , where restricted natures only find monotony , but where great souls are engulfed in endless contemplation .
eng	magic words and incantations are as fatal to our science as they are to any other . methods , when classified and separated , acquire their true bearing and perspective as a means to an end , not as ends in themselves . we seek to find peace of mind in the word , the formula , the ritual . the hope is illusion .
eng	experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government's purposes are beneficent . men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil - minded rulers . the greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal , well - meaning but without understanding .
eng	whatsoever therefore is consequent to a time of warre , where every man is enemy to every man ; the same is consequent to the time , wherein men live without other security , than what their own strength , and their own invention shall furnish them withall . in such condition , there is no place for industry ; because the fruit thereof is uncertain ; and consequently no culture of the earth ; no navigation , nor use of the commodities that may be imported by sea ; no commodious building ; no instruments of moving , and removing such things as require much force ; no knowledge of the face of the earth ; no account of time ; no arts ; no letters ; no society ; and which is worst of all , continuall feare , and danger of violent death ; and the life of man , solitary , poore , nasty , brutish , and short .
eng	if men were angels , no government would be necessary . if angels were to govern men , neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary . in framing a government which is to be administered by men over men , the great difficulty lies in this : you must first enable the government to control the governed ; and in the next place oblige it to control itself .
eng	to even mention all the things the bird must constantly keep in mind in order to fly securely through the air would take a considerable part of the evening . . . the bird has learned this art of equilibrium , and learned it so thoroughly that its skill is not apparent to our sight . we only learn to appreciate it when we try to imitate it .
eng	on the 2nd of september 1792 when the general massacre of the prisoners took place at paris , m . sombreuil was on the point of being sacrificed when he was rescued from the hands of the assassins by the heroic conduct of his daughter , though on the dreadful condition that she would drink success to the republic in a goblet of blood !
eng	a miserable quarrel provoked by the hardheartedness of the landlord of a public - house , who insisted upon having three pounds of bread in payment for two pennyworth of wine which the woman had regaled herself with , was the circumstance that constituted the charge , and which , if substantiated would be punishable by five or ten years' imprisonment .
eng	i have been assured by a very knowing american of my acquaintance in london , that a young healthy child well nursed is at a year old a most delicious , nourishing , and wholesome food , whether stewed , roasted , baked , or boiled ; and i make no doubt that it will equally serve in a fricassee or a ragout .
eng	people talk sometimes of a bestial cruelty , but that's a great injustice and insult to the beasts ; a beast can never be so cruel as a man , so artistically cruel . the tiger only tears and gnaws , that's all he can do . he would never think of nailing people by the ears , even if he were able to do it .
eng	researchers at the university of paderborn have established that it took up to 2000 hours of english learning for a french speaker to speak english correctly . given that there are 32 weeks of classes in a year and with 3 hours of lessons every week , 20 . 83 years of study are thus necessary for a french person to speak good english .
eng	after i had thought about this elementary question fundamentally , i came to the conclusion that the difference , which is often described as " considerable " or " substantial " by distinguished people , between the indispensable words " important " and " essential " isn't significant , but rather is irrelevant .
