eng	half an eye is very useful actually , because an animal can see half of another animal , which wants to eat it , and can get out of the way , and it will eat the animal , which has only one - half eye or only 49% of an eye , because this to it will not be enough , and the animal , which was eaten up , will have no children , because it is dead .
eng	it drew strength from the not - so - young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on doors of perfect strangers , and from the millions of americans who volunteered and organized and proved that more than two centuries later a government of the people , by the people , and for the people has not perished from the earth .
eng	to all those who have wondered if america's beacon still burns as bright : tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth , but from the enduring power of our ideals : democracy , liberty , opportunity and unyielding hope .
eng	it's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches , in numbers this nation has never seen . by people who waited three hours and four hours , many for the first time in their lives , because they believed that this time must be different , that their voices could be that difference .
eng	it's the answer spoken by young and old , rich and poor , democrat and republican , black , white , hispanic , asian , native american , gay , straight , disabled and not disabled . americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of red states and blue states . we are , and always will be , the united states of america .
eng	a little bit earlier this evening , i received an extraordinarily gracious call from senator mccain . senator mccain fought long and hard in this campaign . and he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves . he has endured sacrifices for america that most of us cannot begin to imagine . we are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader .
eng	and while she's no longer with us , i know my grandmother's watching , along with the family that made me who i am . i miss them tonight . i know that my debt to them is beyond measure . to my sister maya , my sister alma , all my other brothers and sisters , thank you so much for all the support that you've given me . i'm grateful to them .
eng	i was never the likeliest candidate for this office . we didn't start with much money or many endorsements . our campaign was not hatched in the halls of washington . it began in the backyards of des moines , and the living rooms of concord , and the front porches of charleston . it was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $5 and $10 and $20 to the cause .
eng	and i know you didn't do this just to win an election . and i know you didn't do it for me . you did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead . for even as we celebrate tonight , we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime : two wars , a planet in peril , the worst financial crisis in a century .
eng	but i will always be honest with you about the challenges we face . i will listen to you , especially when we disagree . and above all , i will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation , the only way it's been done in america for 221 years ; block by block , brick by brick , calloused hand by calloused hand .
eng	what began 21 months ago in the depths of winter cannot end on this autumn night . this victory alone is not the change we seek . it is only the chance for us to make that change . and that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were . it can't happen without you , without a new spirit of service , a new spirit of sacrifice . so let us summon a new spirit of patriotism , of responsibility , where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves but each other .
eng	let's remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the republican party to the white house , a party founded on the values of self - reliance and individual liberty and national unity . those are values that we all share . and while the democratic party has won a great victory tonight , we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress .
eng	to those who seek peace and security . we support you . and to all those who have wondered if america's beacon still burns as bright , tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth , but from the enduring power of our ideals : democracy , liberty , opportunity and unyielding hope .
eng	this election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations . but one that's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in atlanta . she's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election , except for one thing : ann nixon cooper is 106 years old .
eng	america , we have come so far . we have seen so much . but there is so much more to do . so tonight , let us ask ourselves , if our children should live to see the next century , if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as ann nixon cooper , what change will they see ? what progress will we have made ?
eng	this is our chance to answer that call . this is our moment . this is our time , to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids ; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace ; to reclaim the american dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth , that out of many , we are one ; that while we breathe , we hope . and where we are met with cynicism and doubt and those who tell us that we can't , we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people .
eng	the hair on the instep of the foot of the stepfather of father pedro's mason is black . whoever says the hair of the inset of the foot of the stepfather of father pedro's mason isn't black has blacker hair on the instep of the foot than the black hair of the instep of the foot of the stepfather of father pedro's mason .
eng	i have come here to seek a new beginning between the united states and muslims around the world ; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect ; and one based upon the truth that america and islam are not exclusive , and need not be in competition . instead , they overlap , and share common principles – principles of justice and progress ; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings .
eng	and since our founding , american muslims have enriched the united states . they have fought in our wars , served in government , stood for civil rights , started businesses , taught at our universities , excelled in our sports arenas , won nobel prizes , built our tallest building , and lit the olympic torch .
eng	so let there be no doubt : islam is a part of america . and i believe that america holds within her the truth that regardless of race , religion , or station in life , all of us share common aspirations – to live in peace and security ; to get an education and to work with dignity ; to love our families , our communities , and our god . these things we share . this is the hope of all humanity .
eng	here's my flag for nynorsk . because the philosophy of nynorsk is based on the maximum divergence from danish , danish background of the flag is to be replaced with icelandic , because icelandic served as inspiration for the language creators . the flag is not rectangular in form , because . . . well , that nynorsk is strange after all .
eng	the paris syndrome is a type of culture shock . it's a psychiatric term used to describe foreigners who start living in paris , drawn to the image of the city as a center of fashion , don't adapt well to the local customs and culture , lose their mental balance and exhibit symptoms close to depression .
eng	i have been more than once intoxicated , my passions have always bordered on extravagance : i am not ashamed to confess it ; for i have learned , by my own experience , that all extraordinary men , who have accomplished great and astonishing actions , have ever been decried by the world as drunken or insane .
eng	with north korea's announcement on the 26th of its nuclear development plan based upon the agreement stemming from the six party talks , and the united states' commencement of procedures to remove north korea from its designation on the list of state sponsors of terrorism , the families of abductees have expressed growing unease that it may constitute an abandonment of the abductee issue .
eng	during the discussion of the summary report of cc cpsu in the congress , it was noted that , under the guidance of the communist party , in close cooperation with all the socialist countries , the soviet people have made great progress in the struggle for building a communist society in the ussr and in that for world peace .
eng	in the netherlands , it is the custom that , when during the construction of a house the highest point has been reached and the roof is ready for tiling , the client treats the construction workers to so - called " tile beer " to celebrate this . a flag is then placed on the ridge of the house . if the client is too stingy to treat , not a flag , but a broom is placed .
eng	in truth , a man who renders everyone their due because he fears the gallows , acts under the sway and compulsion of others , and cannot be called just . but a man who does the same from a knowledge of the true reason for laws and their necessity , acts from a firm purpose and of his own accord , and is therefore properly called just .
eng	man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil , and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary . he wants them to remain wishes , they have value only in his imagination ; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him . such a desire is the desire for eternal life . if it were fulfilled , man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally , and yearn for death .
eng	tobacco , divine , rare , superexcellent tobacco , which goes far beyond all the panaceas , potable gold , and philosopher's stones , a sovereign remedy to all diseases . . . but as it is commonly abused by most men , which take it as tinkers do ale , 'tis a plague , a mischief , a violent purger of goods , lands , health , hellish , devilish and damned tobacco , the ruin and overthrow of body and soul .
eng	consider what we do to our children . we do not say to them : 'some people think the earth is round , and others think it is flat ; when you grow up , you can , if you like , examine the evidence and form your own conclusion . ' instead of this we say : 'the earth is round . ' by the time our children are old enough to examine the evidence , our propaganda has closed their minds . . .
eng	you assume we are all sexually stable ; while on the other hand , as i have become acquainted with people , i find that they are all perverted sinners , one way or another , that the whole society is corrupt and rotten and repressed and unconscious that it exhibits its repression in various forms of social sadism .
eng	when we come to die , we shall be alone . from all our worldly possessions we shall be about to part . worldly friends — the friends drawn to us by our position , our wealth , or our social qualities , — will leave us as we enter the dark valley . from those bound to us by stronger ties — our kindred , our loved ones , children , brothers , sisters , and from those not less dear to us who have been made our friends because they and we are the friends of the same saviour , — from them also we must part . yet not all will leave us . there is one who " sticketh closer than a brother " — one who having loved his own which are in the world loves them to the end .
eng	i personally believe that u . s . americans are unable to do so because , uh , some people out there in our nation don't have maps and , uh , i believe that our , uh , education like such as in south africa and , uh , the iraq , everywhere like such as , and , i believe that they should , our education over here in the u . s . should help the u . s . , uh , or , uh , should help south africa and should help the iraq and the asian countries , so we will be able to build up our future , for our children .
eng	many a gentleman of the old school has been provoked to remark regretfully upon the under - bred manners and bearing of even the better classes in the modern industrial communities ; and the decay of the ceremonial code — or as it is otherwise called , the vulgarisation of life — among the industrial classes proper has become one of the chief enormities of latter - day civilisation in the eyes of all persons of delicate sensibilities .
eng	the aim of jazz is the mechanical reproduction of a regressive moment , a castration symbolism . 'give up your masculinity , let yourself be castrated , ' the eunuchlike sound of the jazz band both mocks and proclaims , 'and you will be rewarded , accepted into a fraternity which shares the mystery of impotence with you , a mystery revealed at the moment of the initiation rite .
eng	what makes it so plausible to assume that hypocrisy is the vice of vices is that integrity can indeed exist under the cover of all other vices except this one . only crime and the criminal , it is true , confront us with the perplexity of radical evil ; but only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core .
eng	we the people of the united states , in order to form a more perfect union , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , provide for the common defence , promote the general welfare , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity , do ordain and establish this constitution for the united states of america .
eng	to grow the commons of free knowledge and free culture , all users contributing to tatoeba project are required to grant broad permissions to the general public to re - distribute and re - use their contributions freely , as long as the use is attributed and the same freedom to re - use and re - distribute applies to any derivative works .
eng	the fittest survive . what is meant by the fittest ? not the strongest ; not the cleverest — weakness and stupidity everywhere survive . there is no way of determining fitness except in that a thing does survive . " fitness , " then , is only another name for " survival . " darwinism : that survivors survive .
eng	the group box " image layout " shows different options for displaying the image in the picture box . there are four layouts to choose from . with center , your image will be centered in the picture box . with auto size , your image will be auto sized . with stretch , your image will be resized to the size of the picture box and with autozoom , your image will be zoomed to the picture box .
eng	it is astonishing to witness that the iranians , onto whom the arabs imposed islam through military defeat , have become its most zealous followers to the point of oppressing those of zoroastrianism , though it is the religion of their own fathers . a kind of stockholm syndrome on the national scale .
eng	chokichi keenly felt that people , as they get older , forget entirely about the worries that only young people know about and that they themselves experienced in their youth ; and that they nonchalantly take this convenient disposition where they judge harshly the circumstances of the young persons born of the next generation . he felt that there was truly an irreconcilable gap between the old and the young .
eng	the germans have an inhuman way of cutting up their verbs . now a verb has a hard time enough of it in this world when it's all together . it's downright inhuman to split it up . but that's just what those germans do . they take part of a verb and put it down here , like a stake , and they take the other part of it and put it away over yonder like another stake , and between these two limits they just shovel in german .
