eng	one of the reasons twitter is popular in japan is a characteristic of japanese itself : japanese uses ideograms which enable it to convey more information in just 140 characters than other languages , not counting chinese . incidentally , the japanese version of this sentence is written with exactly 140 characters . how many characters does it take in other languages ?
eng	aurora borealis , or the " northern lights " , occurs 80 to 160 km ( 50 to 100 miles ) above the earth when energetic particles from a solar storm cause the gases in the upper atmosphere to glow . auroras can last between a few minutes to several hours . it's common across alaska and northern canada .
eng	if i stay here the same thing will happen to me which happens to all other boys and girls . they are sent to school , and whether they want to or not , they must study . as for me , let me tell you , i hate to study ! it's much more fun , i think , to chase after butterflies , climb trees , and steal birds' nests .
eng	in this field you dig a hole and in the hole you bury a gold piece . after covering up the hole with earth you water it well , sprinkle a bit of salt on it , and go to bed . during the night , the gold piece sprouts , grows , blossoms , and next morning you find a beautiful tree , that is loaded with gold pieces .
eng	the renaissance was a cultural movement that left a deep influence on cultural and intellectual life in the early modern era . beginning in italy , it reached the rest of europe before the sixteenth century , and its influence extended to literature , philosophy , art , politics , science , religion , and other aspects of intellectual life .
eng	while the daughters of the viking invaders were brought up by their english mothers and learned to speak good english , the little boys ran along with their fathers picking up less than grammatical english from them , as a result of which , to this day , poor grammar is associated with masculinity in the anglo - saxon world .
eng	so - called " foreign " words , i . e . those which the majority of languages have taken from one source , are used in esperanto without modification , acquiring only esperanto spelling ; but when faced with a number of words derived from one root , it is better to leave only the fundamental word unmodified and from this create the derivatives according to the rules of esperanto .
eng	a certain man was going down from jerusalem to jericho , and he fell among robbers , who both stripped him and beat him , and departed , leaving him half dead . by chance a certain priest was going down that way . when he saw him , he passed by on the other side . in the same way a levite also , when he came to the place , and saw him , passed by on the other side . but a certain samaritan , as he travelled , came where he was . when he saw him , he was moved with compassion , came to him , and bound up his wounds , pouring on oil and wine . he set him on his own animal , and brought him to an inn , and took care of him .
eng	in tom's new novel , extraterrestrials pursue the ambitious goal of presenting all the life forms in the galaxy in a single vast menagerie . individual humans are also carried off for this purpose and - - due to the enormous diversity of species - - thrown together with the apes of the planet earth , without distinction . john found that highly offensive .
eng	tom was undoubtedly the most intelligent student in the entire school , but whenever the teacher asked him a question for which he was not prepared , he was filled with such nervousness that he would become confused , and something utterly incomprehensible would issue from his mouth as soon as he opened it .
eng	 " don't you think that people from english - speaking countries earn an unreasonable amount from the english language industry ? since i'm japanese , i'd like to use materials exclusively made by japanese people . " " but you know , you can't really tell if the english is good or not unless it's been checked by a native speaker . " " what do you mean by good english ! ? english used by native speakers ? are natives really that great , anyway ? "
eng	while i was thinking over whether i should accept such strange apologies , coutabay leafed through the book and read loudly and expressively : " while i was thinking over whether i should accept such strange apologies , coutabay leafed through the book and read loudly and expressively : 'while i was thinking . . . ' holmes quickly snatched the volume from coutabay's hands .
eng	firstly : we , your forebears , cannot help you from the land beyond . secondly : the slayer of wheelchairs came here incognito and therefore could only have brought a small number of guards with him . and thirdly : there is ( supposedly ) no beautiful princess . got all that ? well , then have fun with your task .
eng	contrasting the goals of the soviet science with the goals of the science controlled by the americal imperialists , soviet biology scientists say : “biology is a life science , but american biologists turn it into a death science , a science that deals with the better and faster destruction of all the living things on earth . ”
eng	american imperialists , in their attempt to break and disorganise the forces of the defenders of peace , democracy and socialism , have established firm contact with the imperialists of the marshall plan countries , where they export not only weapons and thrillers , rotten canned food and bubble gum , but also the insights of their " philosophers " .
eng	under the tatoeba guidelines , it is recommended that members only add sentences in their native language and/or translate from a language they can understand into their native language . the reason for this is that it is much easier to form natural - sounding sentences in one's native language . when we write in a language other than our native language , it is very easy to produce sentences that sound strange . please make sure you only translate the sentence if you are sure you know what it means .
eng	in youth we may have an absolutely new experience , subjective or objective , every hour of the day . apprehension is vivid , retentiveness strong , and our recollections of that time , like those in a time spent in rapid and interesting travel , are of something intricate , multitudinous , and long - drawn - out . but as each passing year converts some of this experience into automatic routine which we hardly note at all , the days and the weeks smooth themselves out in recollection to a contentless unit , and the years grow hollow and collapse .
eng	a human being is part of the whole , called by us universe , a part limited in time and space . he experiences himself , his thoughts and feelings as something separated from the rest — a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness . this delusion is a kind of prison for us , restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us . our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty .
eng	why , of course , the people don't want war . why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece ? naturally , the common people don't want war ; neither in russia nor in england nor in america , nor for that matter in germany . that is understood . but , after all , it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along , whether it is a democracy or a fascist dictatorship or a parliament or a communist dictatorship . [ . . . ] voice or no voice , the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders . that is easy . all you have to do is tell them they are being attacked and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger . it works the same way in any country .
eng	to give a person one's opinion and correct his faults is an important thing . it is compassionate and comes first in matters of service . but the way of doing this is extremely difficult . to discover the good and bad points of a person is an easy thing , and to give an opinion concerning them is easy , too . for the most part , people think that they are being kind by saying the things that others find distasteful or difficult to say . but if it is not received well , they think that there is nothing more to be done . this is completely worthless . it is the same as bringing shame to a person by slandering him . it is nothing more than getting it off one's chest .
eng	as liberty of thought is absolute , so is liberty of speech , which is " inseparable " from the liberty of thought . liberty of speech , moreover , is essential not only for its own sake but for the sake of truth , which requires absolute liberty for the utterance of unpopular and even demonstrably false opinions .
eng	tom was excited about the new job offer since he'd felt stagnant and unappreciated in his current position , but when he told his boss that he was thinking about leaving , his boss told him that a promotion and a pay raise were in the offing if he would stay , so it left tom in a quandary about what to do .
eng	a good translator is one who , akin to a worm , can squirm with delight around in the author's brain mass , and leave through the tongue to have its taste impressions confirmed , and then leave well - formed traces on paper line after line , sheet after sheet , until the last page is done — and he once again returns to his former self , and as a member of the smallest and least respected low - salary group , signs up yet again to exert his effort for god's representative on earth , the publishers .
eng	 " double indemnity " is the title of a classic 1944 film noir , in which a philandering insurance salesman ( fred macmurray ) and a housewife ( barbara stanwyck ) plot to murder her husband , but to make it look like an accident , in order to collect on an insurance policy that will pay double the value in case of accidental death .
eng	after being injured on the job , tom's initial plan to sue his employer was halted when he was informed that the same law that had required his employer to carry worker's compensation insurance for its employees also defined tom as a statutory employee , and thus he had no legal right to file a separate tort claim .
eng	my worst trouble was getting away from home on the morning of starting . mother and my sisters , of course , shed a few tears ; but my father , stern and unbending in his manner , gave me his benediction in these words : " thomas moore , you're the third son to leave our roof , but your father's blessing goes with you . i left my own home beyond the sea before i was your age . " and as they all stood at the gate , i climbed into my saddle and rode away , with a lump in my throat which left me speechless to reply .
eng	in response to angela merkel's concern regarding the developments in crimea and ukraine as a whole , vladimir putin drew the attention to the unrelenting threat of violence by ultra - nationalist forces , endangering the lives and legitimate interests of russian citizens and the entire russian - speaking population .
eng	 " zelda , i'm going away for a month . " " a month ? " " a month . " " a whole month ? " " a whole month . " " really ? " " yes . " " a whole month ? " " don't you understand what a month means ? " " no . " " a month is four weeks . " " one ? " " four ! " " two ? " " four ! " " come on , father , let's go ! " " zelda , i said i'm going by myself . " " what about me ? " " stay here ! "
eng	it was a dark and stormy night ; the rain fell in torrents — except at occasional intervals , when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets ( for it is in london that our scene lies ) , rattling along the housetops , and fiercely agitating the scanty flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness .
eng	a nice lady took me into a huge , gigantic – аt least from a 3 - year - old's perspective – room , with tall shelves filled with toys . and i was sitting there , in one place , for i have no idea how long , but probably for a colossal 5 minutes or so , and then i just started crying like i've never cried before ( or at least that's how my mom described it to me ) . ladies from the kindergarten tried to calm me , but there was no use . fortunately , my mother was still there , talking with a parent of another kid , so she came to me and took me home . and they decided to never take me there again until i was 6 or so .
eng	 " to answer the latter question , one possibility is that all conscious beings are the single journeys of neurotransmitters in the existential crisis of an omnipotent entity attempting introspection . " " i really , really like that hypothesis , and i never found it better formulated than how you did it here . "
eng	 " as i was saying before , my client has filed suit against you concerning his payment and living conditions . " " uh - huh . " " you are to appear in the los angeles courthouse promptly at – " " i get it . let me get my attorney . " " your majesty , you have no attorney ! " " then get me one ! " " no . " " what ? ! " " . . . fine . "
eng	as science advances as some describe it , into itself , - by creating technology which is then subsequently of a higher complexity than the ideas it is to help explain - complications often can arise , such as a need for higher education for those who utilise it . this may not be a negative complication in itself , but gives rise to another problem : that this causes education about the subject's fundamentals to be sacrificed for the training in the utilisation of ever changing technology .
eng	 " . . . that's why i require your services . help me , phoenix wright ! you are my only hope . " " are you sure you have a valid case ? " " yes . link is living the good life . " " don't worry . we'll have this case settled very soon . " " do not be so sure . i know the prosecutor . " " could a young warrior from another land know any good prosecutors , i wonder ? . . . who's prosecuting ? " " miles edgeworth . "
eng	 " harkinian , please take this seriously . look at his badge . " " this is my – " " listen here , badge - boy . you'd better get me a not guilty verdict . or else . " " . . . is that a threat ? " " no . that's a fact . " " for someone who's about to go to court , you certainly have a lot of nerve ! " " more than you'll have left if you fail this case . " " ( . . . and this man is a king ! ? i feel sorry for his subjects ! ) " " it is time to enter the courtroom ! "
eng	an olympic boxing champion buys a very expensive jacket . he comes to the olympic village and leaves his jacket in a dressing room with a sign saying " you take the jacket , i kill you . olympic boxing champion . " in an hour he comes back to see his jacket gone , and another sign : " you catch me first . olympic running champion . "
eng	earlier in the chat , i was being rather brash , upsetting and emotional and whatnot . i am sorry , and i'm sure i hurt your feelings quite a bit . i would like to apologize for this . i understand that i can be rather close - minded at times , and i know that i get rather upset about trivial things and certainly about hot topics .
eng	that man is abusive trash who's lied in circles over and over again . we have no reason to believe that this isn't just more emotional manipulation . i've seen this exact thing happen over and over again with other abusers like him in different places . abusers like him use their perceived instability as social capital to keep their trust and good faith alive long after it's been crushed again and again by their cruelty and perversion .
eng	there is a lovely country ; it stands with wide beeches near a salty eastern beach , near a salty eastern beach . it winds through rolling hills , its name is old denmark , and it is freja’s hall , and it is freja’s hall ! our old denmark must remain as long as the beech mirrors its top in the blue waves , its top in the blue waves .
eng	god’s blessing on all nations , who long and work for that bright day , when o’er earth’s habitations no war , no strife shall hold its sway ; who long to see that all men free no more shall foes , but neighbours be , who long to see that all men free no more shall foes , but neighbours , no more shall foes , but neighbours be .
eng	australians all let us rejoice for we are young and free ; we’ve golden soil and wealth for toil , our home is girt by sea ; our land abounds in nature’s gifts , of beauty rich and rare ; in history’s page let every stage , advance australia fair ! in joyful strains then let us sing : “advance australia fair ! ”
eng	another thing which makes preferable moving by foot or by bicycle is the use of a car : nowadays the level of air pollution is very high because of the high number of cars , and , to reduce that level , the municipality has decided to forbid the road traffic on certain days during a certain period ; furthermore , there are always traffic jams on reggio emilia's roads , so you'll waste lots of time while stuck in a traffic jam .
