eng	 i saw a lady go through the gate without showing the ticket . as soon as we get the tickets , we'll send them to you . you can't eat chicken ? how do you know if you never try it ? can i leave my bags with you until i come to check in ? put everything on my tab . i'll settle it when i check out . i'd like to check out . could you call the bellboy ? the black and white squares on a checker board are arranged alternately . when it comes to playing chess , he is second to none . the team won the championship for five years running . team members are provided with equipment and uniforms . our team could easily have brought home the bacon , if it weren't for the team's best man being injured . it took a load off my mind when our team won the championship . dan's completely off the wall ; you can't predict what he's going to do next . the weather here is getting cold and i really do not like that . we were running out of gas , and what was worse , it began to snow heavily . my mother will attend to the baby while i go to the dance . the dancer's graceful action charmed the audience . the dancers timed their steps to the music of the band . the dancers really came to life during the latin numbers . the plants must have died because no one watered them . no one wants to have an accident . the trouble is that people do not want hard enough to not have an accident . none of us want to go , but either you or your wife has to go . everyone , it seemed , was anxious to get their christmas shopping done early this year . it is interesting that no one noticed that mistake . everybody knows for a fact that he is still alive . everybody expected the musical to be a great hit , but it was far from being a success . everybody respects jeremy because he carries out all his responsibilities . everyone seems to have a bone to pick with someone , but only a few people can be philosophical about it . you must make an effort to get along with everyone . everyone more or less likes showing off in public . everyone has a right to enjoy his liberty , and all the more , his life . everyone and everything moved much faster now than before . everyone of us will have to accept the current of the times . everyone remembers the happy days of his youth as his halcyon days . there is no telling who will be sent in his place . if you have a bone to pick with a person , tell it to his face instead of saying things behind his back . whoever may oppose my plan , i will carry it out nonetheless . you should not cut in when someone else is talking . when you shake hands with somebody , you must look him in the eye . it smells as though someone has been smoking in here . if there is somebody to back me up , the business will be successful . if anyone should phone , say i'll be back at one o'clock . they had been dancing for an hour when there was a knock on the door . i'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home . it's duck soup for a girl of easy virtue to find a new man . it goes without saying that diligence is the key to success .
eng	 choose such friends as will benefit you , they say . rather than doing any good , the rain did a great deal of harm to the crop . i was afraid it would not work out well and sure enough it failed . no ! after you do your homework , you can watch television . the villagers were displaced by the construction of a dam . the dam gave way and sent a great flush of water down the valley . it's no crime to just idle the whole day once in a while . you can't just work all day every day . you need to take a vacation once in a while . sometimes it's good for a married couple to go to a hot spring together — just the two of them . you need to enjoy yourself and have fun once in a while . once in a while , the prophet indulges in fantasy . that topic is too intimate to share with casual acquaintances . he was evidently surprised when he came across me . it happened that the train was delayed on account of snow . it so happened that he was absent from school that day . there happened to be a train accident early that morning . it happened that i met her at the station yesterday . maybe the impulse was working upon her subconscious . it is likely that he has made such a careless mistake . the chances are that the boss will send you to california . possibly the factory will be closed down next week . the tea leaves all point to a merger , if you ask me . maybe , but i can't catch the drift of even simple situations . you do such a thing once too often and get punished . 67% of those who never smoked said they worried about the health effects of passive smoking . put out your cigarette . smoking's not permitted here . the number of people who smoke is increasing , so cancer will soon be the most common cause of death . it is often pointed out that smoking is a danger to health . to give up smoking is not easy , but you should for the sake of your health . if george doesn't stop smoking , he will run the risk of developing lung cancer . rather than cutting down on cigarettes , sir , why don't you just give them up ? for thy sake , tobacco , i would do anything but die . keep in mind that smoking is not good for your health . the argument that smoking is injurious has become accepted . it goes without saying that smoking is bad for the health . let this smoky air out of the room and let some fresh air in . sometimes i smoke just to give my hands something to do . every time cigarettes go up in price , many people try to give up smoking . i want to study abroad , even if my parents are against it . i would keep waiting for you if i had to stay awake past midnight . even if you are busy , you should keep your promise . even if she comes to see me , tell her i am not at home . i will be friendly to him even if he doesn't like me . no matter what he says , i'll never believe him again . let him be a great statesman , i don't admire him . even if he doesn't come here , i'll go on waiting for him . even if pigs were to fly in the air , i would believe her . whomever you may ask , you can't get a satisfactory answer .
eng	 even if the sun were to rise in the west , i would not change my mind . if the sun were to rise in the west , i would never agree to your plan . if the sun were to rise in the west , i would not break my word . i always buy a top quality product even if it is slightly more expensive . a watered down compromise resolution is better than none at all . even if you have your own way , you will not always be successful . even if we do this , it will be another sixty years before the antarctic ozone hole is repaired . even if he is in trouble , mac is always optimistic . you have another chance even if you fail this time . all people can become friends , even if their languages and customs are different . even if you make great efforts , you won't be able to achieve it . whatever you may say , i will not change my opinion . even if you don't like music , you'll enjoy his concert . he didn't like to ask for help even if he was starving . no matter how cold it is outside , the rooms are comfortably heated . even if i have to sell my house , i'll keep my business going . live where she may , she always enjoys her surroundings . no matter what you may do , you must do your best . even when she thought about something else , ideas of death returned to her mind . no matter what may happen , i am always prepared for it . no matter what happens , you must be here by nine . even if it rains , i will start early tomorrow morning . the soccer game will be played , even if it rains . even if you are not to blame , you should apologize . ball games , such as basketball and ping - pong , are usually played indoors . for instance , bowing is peculiar to us , the japanese . for example , he speaks german , french and english . for example , koko was asked to choose a house or a tree for shelter from the rain . for example , they do not have to go to a stadium to see the world series or the super bowl because they can enjoy watching the games in their own living rooms . no matter how long it takes , i will finish the job . however hard you may study , you can't master english in a year or so . whichever bus you may take , you can get to the station . wherever you may go , you can't succeed without perseverance . go where you will , you can't hope for success without effort . no matter where you live , you would find it difficult not to laugh at , say , charlie chaplin's early films . even if you do not like it , you must take charge of it . even if the performance is good , i still say we drop the project . even though you don't like this , you must eat it . even if i were rich , i wouldn't give money to him . you must do the work , even if you do not like it . whenever you visit him , you will find him playing video games . the millionaire insisted on acquiring the masterpiece no matter how much it cost . even if you go far away , let's keep in touch with each other over the phone . even if it takes you three years , you must accomplish your goal . even if it costs 10 , 000 yen , i must buy the dictionary . even if it takes me ten years , i am determined to accomplish the job .
eng	 even if you boss attacks you and tells you to go away , you should make your point . i want to get the word out - even if you don't have a lot of clothes you can enjoy dressing more fashionably by mixing and matching . they're only $50 with two cans of shoe polish free of charge . you just messed up once . you don't need to agonize over it . a dachshund is a dog from germany with a very long body and short legs . dachshund sausages first became popular in new york , especially at baseball games . an ostrich cannot fly any more than a kangaroo can . the panic spread through the district in an instant . you should never look down on a person merely because he is poor . all you have to do is to cultivate the ability to put yourself in the other fellow's place . we have a visitor right now . would you mind waiting for a while ? one can no more write good english than one can compose good music , merely by keeping the rules . only one careless mistake cost the company millions of dollars . my sole idea was to get there as fast as possible . how about giving me a promotion from just - a - friend to boyfriend ? it was bad enough that he usually came to work late , but coming in drunk was the last straw , and i'm going to have to let him go . he just drones on and on but hardly even touches on what we need to know for the test . all that i was looking for was somebody who looked like you . he lost his position just because he refused to tell a lie . they are now sitting in conference on that question . he who is afraid of asking is ashamed of learning . she is not pretty , to be sure , but she is very clever . it's true that there are fewer children due to the falling birthrate , and there are fewer children in the school , but that is all to the good . but i have an appointment with my client tomorrow . takeshi promised to help me with my homework , but at the last minute he let me down . takeo is engrossed in solving mathematical problems . it was careless of you to leave your camera in the taxi . if there weren't so many taxis , there would be fewer traffic accidents . if you want the taxi driver to have a tip , hand him too much money and say , " keep the change . " yesterday night , i shared a cab with paris hilton . it was careless of you to leave your umbrella in the taxi . you ought to go by taxi , or you might not get there in time . it's more economical to go by bus instead of taking a taxi . as our taxi broke down on the way , we had to walk to the station . there were lots of bundles , but they weren't thousand - dollar bills . many a book is published , but of them only a very few are worth reading . though many books are published , hardly a few of them are of value . a lot of treasure was brought over to this country . there used to be a pond here where you could see many swans . many little red birds always sing merrily in the trees . a great many people were opposed to gene therapy in terms of ethics . a bunch of people thrust their way toward the rear exit . dozens of people encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions .
eng	 quite a few people attended the opening ceremony of the new bridge . after running up so many flights of steps , she was completely out of breath . many european people are aware of environmental problems . a lot of things happened and my schedule was messed up . although he had many toys , his greed made him want more . as a matter of fact , all great discoverers have been regarded as dreamers . yet today only about 15 percent of american families follow this pattern . so it is essential that you take the attitude of looking up yourself the information you feel necessary . so i will see him running on the way to school today . pigeons can find their way home with the help of the earth's magnetic field . so the pigeon can feel the magnetic field on its head , but it can't feel the earth's magnetic field . so , players were often seriously injured and sometimes even killed in these rough games . however , my father used to fool around with women a lot . however , as living standards gradually came to rise , more and more people began to have their own bathrooms at home . but , she has never offered much excitement in the bedroom . but bill interrupted the story saying : " banana " . and yet , in the " real adult world " there are a lot of competitions . i rediscovered the importance of constant efforts . the dow jones average posted a gain of two points today . the word downtown refers to the business quarter of any town . we could meet downtown . would that be convenient for you ? the data collected in tyrel's research is of great value both to administrators and to educators . direct marketing is a means of allowing people to shop from home . the hardness of diamond is such that it can cut glass . tires wear down because of friction between the rubber and the road surface . i had to push my bicycle because i had a flat tire . to our great annoyance , he barged in on our party . although it is a very difficult task , i will do my best . much to my surprise , my song appealed to many young people . it is getting rather late . i think i must be going now . in thailand , people use coconuts for food , drink and toys . in thailand it has already become too dry to grow rice in some parts of the country . in thailand , bringing up the children isn't the father's responsibility ; it's entirely up to the mother . i usually ride my bike to school . i mean to the office . most workers get an automatic pay raise every year . the clinical records in most hospitals are kept in alphabetical order . most developing countries are suffering from overpopulation . most college students use computers mainly for writing papers . most people like to see in pictures what they would like to see in reality . i think most people are better off now than they used to be . most people like summer , but as for me , i like winter much better . most people judge men only by their success or their good fortune . the lives of most people are determined by their environment . parents are usually concerned about their children's future .
eng	 most students are doing preparation for the term examination . most living creatures in the sea are affected by pollution . the british people in general are extremely fond of their pets . most europeans cannot tell a japanese from a chinese . in most sports the team that practice hardest usually brings home the bacon . more often than not , famine is accompanied by plague . in most cases , car accidents result from lack of sleep . more often than not , students prefer club activities to academic classes . it was in 1912 that the titanic sank during her first voyage . she failed the examination and i was greatly disappointed . they had not gone very far when they met an old man . the tigers lost the game , which was a surprise to us . there's little chance of keeping slim , unless you stick to a diet . the chocolate cake tempted her even though she was dieting . dieting takes up so much human endeavor with so little to show for it . she's lost a lot of weight since she went on a diet . the tar won't come off . i'm going to have to take this skirt to the dry cleaner . darwin studied the animals and birds different from those he knew in england . this revision of darwin's ideas came under fire from academic positions . we associate the name of darwin with the origin of species . the soviet troops started to withdraw from afghanistan . the ussr will only use air strikes in the country as a last resort . the soviet union took a hostile attitude toward us . you must be very naive to be taken in by such a story . he will never get anywhere with that prejudiced idea . that would be twenty - seven words instead of four , and while the bare message of the longer statement would be understood , the persuasive force would be lost . it is clever of her to solve such a difficult problem . you can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude . such a proposal would only be turned down immediately . you don't have to wince like that . i'll fix it so it doesn't hurt . i have no time to listen to such everyday affairs . how careless you are to forget such an important thing ! i'm concerned whether or not i can handle a big job like that . please don't walk so fast . i can't keep pace with you . people would sell their souls to hear the concert from those seats . a bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive . she was the last person i expected to see in such a place . you don't have to go getting so hairy about such a small thing . i would as soon stay where i am as go to such a place . i wouldn't let a goof - up like that get to you . people have short memories and the one good thing about gossip is that it's short - lived . you will be taken for an ill - mannered person if you do so . for him , that will be like taking candy from a baby . i never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel . you may as well take a nap as read such a magazine . there's no sense acting all triumphant like a conquering hero over such a minor thing . buying such an expensive car is out of the question .
eng	 you ought to know better than to go to such a dangerous place . you shouldn't have gone to such a dangerous place . you must not keep company with such a mean fellow . if you drive your car like that , you'll end up in hospital . some people would question the truth of such rumors . that's why ostrich meat costs more than twice as much as beef and pork . never in my life have i seen such a terrible accident . that can't be right . he's still on vacation in hawaii . if you do such a foolish thing , people will laugh at you . is he mad that he should say such a foolish thing ? forget your troubles for a while and come and have dinner with us . it was out of the ordinary for chris to behave so roughly . don't be so greedy or you'll wind up with nothing . i will have to fire you if you come late so often . when someone speaks with such rhetorical flourish , it starts to sound like they're lying . there's no need to get so angry . keep your temper . he must be a good walker to have walked such a long distance . i wish you wouldn't drive so fast . you're making the baby sick ! where are you going in such a hurry ? we've got plenty of time , so drive safely . there is no sense in your worrying about your health so much . nobody anticipated such a sharp decline in interest rates . you need not have come all the way from such a distant place . if you keep on drinking like that , you'll get sick . you should have come here sooner instead of putting it off out of pride for so long . all of a sudden , i remembered that i couldn't pay for so many books . if you go on drinking so much , you may well end up an alcoholic . don't be such a hothead . a short temper will cost you . there's no need to panic . there's plenty of time . it was foolish of him to waste his money on such trifles . don't bother your parents with such a trivial thing . don't take it literally . he is inclined to exaggerate . it is not characteristic of you to say such a thing to her . if you do that , you're going to subject yourself to ridicule . it would be foolish , not to say mad , to do such a thing . if you do that kind of thing , it's not fair to her . were we to do such a thing , we should be punished . if you do that , it will only bring about a contrary effect . never in my life have i heard or seen such a thing . it would have been better if you had left it unsaid . i don't want to get involved in that sort of thing . he is nothing less than a thief to do such a thing . i will see that such a thing does not come to pass again . it is up to you to see to it that such a thing doesn't happen . people ask me 'why would you want to cherish a piece of junk like that ? ' but this little beauty means the world to me . stop inhaling your food . you should eat a little slower . happy were the students who had such a good teacher . i think i have to get moving with some work for the exams . we should start getting christmas gifts for the children . maybe it's about time i started learning to program . it's about time we brought this party to an end , isn't it ?
eng	 our sphere of influence has expanded so much since then . to understand it , you have only to read this book . as soon as he heard of it , he hastened to the spot . in order to share it , we'll have to tear it into two pieces . had i known that , i wouldn't have said such a thing to her . while i was at it , i felt as if i was walking on thin ice . he can't be smart if he can screw up something like that . lay it down on paper so everyone understands better . you don't have to tell it to me if you don't want to . it's no use worrying about it . there's nothing you can do . it will be quitting time before you get that done . you also must be very prudent , to keep that hidden . if i had had to do it , i would have done it at that time . everybody knows for sure that it was he who did it . we would ask you to give us a price reduction of 5% . the approaches used in those two designs are exactly alike . they built up twenty - five stories on one side and thirty - five stories on the other . they went back and forth all day and part of the night . they shone like stars in the dark , dirty building . they are so much alike that i don't know which is which . we must draw attention to the distribution of this form in those dialects . you can see the stars with your naked eye , and even better through a telescope . judging from those facts , mr mori must be a wealthy person . these tell us that he loved to talk and argue about art , politics and life . those agenda items were taken up en bloc for discussion . those regulations all apply to everyone without a single exception . instead , they prefer to stay in and watch television . a piece of railway in use today is therefore the product of a long series of decisions reached at different times for many different reasons . therefore it will be closed for the rest of the year . i had never been abroad before , so everything seemed strange to me . we will start at two o'clock if it has stopped raining by that time . it is difficult planning meals for so many people . it's really a very useful thing ; you ought to buy it . it was such an interesting book that i read it in a day . it occurred to me that i should not keep it secret . it was something she did not want to put into words . it was a purchase which he could not possibly afford . it was the most beautiful sight that he had ever seen in his life . that is a criminal offense , and you will surely be punished ! that was an exciting game . everybody was excited . it was a precious clock his grandmother , who was in the hospital , gave him . it was a long letter , but in brief , he said , " no . " it is cheap , but on the other hand it is not good . i think that is based on a lack of mutual understanding . it is a beautiful car , but it is not worth the price that i paid for it . how amazing that your mother speaks six languages ! that every one who believes in him may have eternal life . that is not a proper subject to bring up in conversation at the dinner table . it was a pretty little house , strong and well - built .
eng	 far from being a failure , it was a great success . that was the most interesting film that we had ever seen . it is not because i hate him , but because i love him . that's the same story as i heard when i was a child . it was the greatest joy that i have ever experienced . i may do ; it would depend on circumstances at the time . it is a great improvement as compared with what it was last year . isn't that the most humane punishment for criminals ? it will be done a week from today , that is , on may 3 . it has nothing to do with the subject we are discussing . that was the most exciting concert i have ever been to . it's the sort of work that calls for a high level of concentration . that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life . it was similar in some ways to soccer which is played today . it is the correct approach to modern ski technique . it is great improvement as compared with what it was last year . it was a cold and rainy night , and there was not a soul in sight in the streets . it will be a push - button war of nuclear missiles . it's in pencil so you can rub it out if you need to . it has greatly improved compared with what it was . that would lead to the production of more carbon dioxide , the main gas responsible for global warming . it sounds as if genius compensates for lack of experience . it sounds as if he were to blame for the disaster . it's only a small house but it meets my needs perfectly . it was meant as a compliment , so i didn't want to tell him that he had missed the point . that is the same umbrella that i found on the bus . that's nonsense . nobody but a fool would believe it . that was so good a book that i read it three times . it was such a hard test that we did not have time to finish . it was very expensive ; in fact , i paid 100 dollars . it was a very slow train . it stopped at every little station . it is so dreadful that i don't want to think of it . it's a tiny country that most people have never heard of . it was mismanagement of the company's affairs by the acting director . by the way , do you know a good restaurant around here ? it was a daring adventure , full of thrill and excitement . aside from that , is there anything else you want ? it's a strange story , but every word of it is true . and not only that , the goods in the company shop were usually more expensive than elsewhere . it's a long , long time since my girl's been gone . it is the one you used to hear when you were a little child . that'd be nice . what about inviting john and mary ? they are nature's laboratory for all kinds of plant , animal and insect life . don't you think this is a good opportunity to show off your talents ? that depends on whether you are interested or not . it was for anyone who wanted to know what he and other scientists were doing . they are now widely used for communication , calculation , and other activities . it is the most artistic picture i have ever taken . it is because it can't hope for a success if it isn't healthy . it was sir anthony's eightieth birthday concert and everybody wanted a ticket .
eng	 we will only consider placing an order if you reduce the price by 5% . and since she refused to accept it , she had been living in extreme discomfort , exclaiming : " why should we spend all the capital we are ever likely to have tying ourselves down to a place we detest ! " as regards the expense involved , it is of no concern to me . you mustn't touch it , because it'll break easily . it has a great many words borrowed from foreign languages . it will require substantial time and financial resources . please think it over and let me know your decision . and just think , you're on the other side of the world . and of course , a speaker usually communicates in two ways , orally as well as through gestures . everyone believes his story since there is no evidence to the contrary . that's when we learned that the main post office was on fire and that they had kidnapped our president . nevertheless , many are choosing early retirement . all the same , we still need a scientific account of how exactly pains are caused by brain processes . then the younger brother set off , and the elder remained behind . and so , knowledge from the past , mixed up with assumptions about that knowledge , which may be more or less appropriate , is used to augment information provided by the senses . then an argument developed between some of john's disciples and a certain jew about purification . that was the only way we could defend ourselves against all this terrible shooting . each way of sleeping is likely to produce a different kind of adult . it is important to understand that each country has its own culture . women , then , are only children of a larger growth . then , please give him this note . this is urgent . that would make it impossible for him to save face . that is what the british people expect of their queen . if that is true , then he is not responsible for the accident . that threw adequate light on his feelings toward her . that was the first time that a man walked on the moon . we parents sometimes become blind in loving our children too much . that is why women keep their career without marriage . granting that it is true , it does not concern me . you must be blind as a bat if you couldn't see it . if it is useful for improving your life , it cannot be done too soon . some think it is based on love , others on control . then he got dressed , stuffed his lecture notes into his briefcase , and ran down the stairs . then they fly round to the indian ocean and down to antarctica . then he said hello to the old man in the same language . then we came to kyoto , where we stayed for a week . then we visited washington , d . c . , the capital of the united states of america . pretty soon along came to the village some strangely dressed people who called themselves surveyors ; and they surveyed a line in front of my grandmother's little house . then the bus left the town and drove along a country road . it then became necessary to settle the best route for the line to follow ; and that was determined , in the first place , by the shape of the land it had to cross .
eng	 it was not until five years later that i heard of his marriage . on the third day a wedding took place at cana in galilee . every day grandfather and grandmother gave the kitten plenty of milk , and soon the kitten grew nice and plump . then he began his work at cambridge , developing many new ideas about the nature of the universe . then , with a final , terrible scream , the monster flung itself off the mountain to its death on the rocks below . then he stretched his legs and settled back in his seat . then he went back over it to make sure it was right . i made up my mind to do the work however hard it may be . i can not seem to explain to you how difficult it is . i don't care how much it costs . i'm going to buy it anyway . but you cannot tell where it comes from or where it is going . that is why so many people are suffering from famine . a gentle wind made ripples on the surface of the pond . is there an existing meaning if the person in charge does not take the responsibility to begin with ? most accidents , after all , happen around the corner , not in the rainforest . in any case why was it only mine that had a line in the lcd ? in the first place , why do the birds migrate at all ? sophie had been looking forward to getting another letter from the unknown sender . it took a lot of effort to carry the sofa upstairs . the cushions on the sofa don't match those on the armchairs . the woman who is sitting on the sofa is my grandmother . the clever doctor was able to cure the prime minister's illness . when they heard the story , they burst into laughter . it would take a long time to tell the whole story . the story was so complicated that i couldn't follow it . that story brings to mind the person i met in new york . the story reminds me of an experience i had long ago . you may depend upon it that the story is exaggerated . it began late one sunday afternoon , deep in the woods . there is no evidence that the story is based on his own experience . i'll need at least three days to translate that thesis . publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday . the old lady has been rather feeble since her illness . the old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station . the old woman seemed ready to fall down at any second . the old woman is getting better and is being taken good care of by a nurse from the hospital . the old lady will often wait for her son in vain at the station . the old couple embarked on a tour around the world . fever and constant coughing weakened the old lady . the old woman lends money at the rate of three percent . the old man contributed a large sum of money to the poor . the old man was run over and immediately taken to hospital . that old man is , so to speak , a walking dictionary . the old man was sitting there , with crossed legs . the old man narrowly escaped being run over by a car . the old man spent most of his time looking back on his youth . the old man is wise and knows many things about life . the old man was always looking back on the good old days .
eng	 the old man sat in the chair with his eyes closed . the old man bribed a young girl with money and jewelry . the old man is always accompanied by his grandson . the old doctor gave individual attention to each patient . the union exerts a dominant influence on the conservative party . the train arrived safely at the station a few minutes ago . the train is traveling at the rate of 50 miles an hour . all the coaches of the train were packed to capacity ten minutes before it started . the train was so crowded that i had to stand all the way . the train will be leaving in five minutes so you had better hurry up . the hunter went deep into the forest , never to return . the cook was astonished at his incredible appetite . there are signs of growing tensions between the two countries . the two countries do not have diplomatic relations . the traveler fainted from hunger , but soon he came to . the trip will cost anywhere between $1000 and $2000 . the journey , as i recall it , was long and tedious . whether we will go on the trip depends on the weather . the journey greatly added to his store of knowledge . the candidate was disappointed at the outcome of the election . the track meet was called off on account of the heavy rain . this theory originated with a twenty - eight - year - old physicist . one of the reasons is the difference between japan and other countries in their attitudes toward education . the next day john was there again with two of his disciples . the dress has a beautiful contrast between red and white . the extra room proved very useful when we had visitors . i'll get in touch with you again when i know more clearly about that plan . that evening tea was partaken of in a grim silence . the dinner was superior in quality to the one he ate this evening . there were a lot of people who came to ask after the famous actress . that voter , mary johnson , turned out to be a democrat . i felt profound reverence for the courageous mother . the brave knight steps forward and kisses the lady on the hand . the manufacturer of the medicine is a japanese company . as soon as he took the medicine , his fever went down . if it is wrongly used , the medicine will be a poison . the medicine seemed to have no effect on the patient . it's marvelous how quickly the medicine relieved my pain . the official got the sack for currying favor with the contractors . the official was suspected of accepting bribes from the construction companies . the official could not deal with the complaint himself . the ambitious man became intoxicated with his own success . the baseball game got more exciting with each inning . the baseball game was called off on account of the rain . the baseball game was so exciting that everyone stayed until the very end . the spectators at the baseball match cheered their team on . the manager of the baseball team is very strict . he is good at keeping the players in hand . the baseball team is certain to win the next game . i haven't yet had time to see about a hotel for the night .
eng	 we spent most of the evening talking about our vacation . inside the tent that night she shivered with cold . they were very tired , hungry , and thirsty that night . while we were discussing the problem , i hit upon a good idea . let's look at the problem from a different point of view . a committee has been set up to investigate the problem . why don't you look into the problem yourself ? it's your responsibility . please bring the matter forward at the next meeting . i have read a good many books to discover what the authorities had to say that made the matter a little plainer . the question is not so easy that everyone can answer it . we will deal with that question in the next lesson . the matter will be brought up at the next meeting . the problem will be on the carpet at the next meeting . the problem is beyond the scope of my understanding . the problem began to assume an international character . you should consider the problem before coming to a decision . the problem is not as simple as it might seem at first sight . the problem was so difficult that i could not solve it . the problem has arisen from your ignorance of the matter . the problems are easier than those i did yesterday . there are complicated circumstances behind the matter . he's racking his brains about how to deal with the matter . he's racking his brains over how to deal with the matter . you must bring home to her the importance of the matter . the importance of this matter cannot be over - emphasized . a resolution to the problem was more difficult than we anticipated . there's no one here who can deal with the problem . his remarks on the subjects are much to the point . as far as this matter is concerned , i am satisfied . so far as this matter is concerned , i am completely satisfied . with regard to the problem , they have another opinion . i had to think about the problem for quite a while before i saw daylight . he turned the problem over in his mind for three days before he did anything about it . i have nothing to say with regard to that problem . the more i thought about the problem , the more difficult it seemed . whether the problem is important or unimportant , you must solve it . if you cannot work out the problem , you had better try a different method . we concluded that mutual aid was essential for attaining the goal . their purpose is to help the poor in any place where they live . the trees are planted at intervals of thirty meters . discussing the matter further will get you nowhere . there is nothing for me to do except to obey the order . some soldiers were reluctant to obey the commands . no person by that name is listed in the register of the school . the girl screamed with fear , which we all shared . that girl is so beautiful that she attracts even the most self - possessed men . the independent candidate took the abortion issue off his platform . the democrat endeavored to accomplish his aim by himself . the skyscraper rose above the other buildings around . i wanted to buy the book , but i found i had no more than 200 yen with me .
eng	 it was not until i read the book that i knew about it . having read the book , i could answer all the questions . when you're done with the book , put it back where you found it . put the book back on the shelf when you're through with it . please return the book when you have finished reading it . if you have finished reading the book , return it to the library . give the book back to me when you are done with it . please lend me the book when you have finished reading it . if you are done with that book , i'd like to have it . i'd like to place an order for the book with the publishing company . is it possible to buy the book at the bookstore in akita ? put the book back in the same place where you found it . you may borrow this book as long as you keep it clean . it was mr hino who translated the book from spanish into japanese . i'm afraid the book is beyond the reach of his understanding . he sent me a letter asking if the book had reached me . you'll find that book in the historical section of the library . i found the book so interesting that i kept on reading it until daybreak . what is necessary is just to read the book , when free . they have demanded that all copies of the book be destroyed . it is said that the book is a bestseller in britain . there are pictures on alternate pages of the book . the more you read the book , the less you will understand it . the principal theme of the book is the american revolution . i copied a passage from the book into my notebook . it is five years since the book was made into a movie . we can get a lot of valuable information from the book . the clergyman has married three couples this week . the merchant accumulated tremendous fortune during the postwar era . not less than 10 people were arrested for being involved in the riot . the little boy is used to talking with grown - ups . the laws apply to everyone irrespective of race , creed or color . the law kept people from playing football for a while . it said that people could not play football in the future and that anyone who broke this law would be sent to prison . the bill is expected to be enacted during the present session . it was foolish of him to trespass against the law . the treasure is believed to lie hidden somewhere in the mountain . the treasure is still in the forest , where it is buried under a tree . attention should be paid to even the smallest detail of the report . the report was prepared in haste and had several misspellings . the report states that there will be a depression . the report revealed that many teenagers are alcoholics . that report was important because it pointed out all the errors the committee had made . the mother was still grieving over her child's death . the mother is very anxious about her children future . the mother was reluctant to leave her children alone . the prisoner of war bore himself with great dignity . you pay 10 , 000 yen a month as an insurance premium . because of his great professional skill , the lawyer has a large number of clients .
eng	 the whole place was simply blotted out with the snow . the soldiers were disaffected toward the government . the soldier refused to fire his rifle at the enemy . the soldier was wounded in the leg and couldn't move . the soldier carried on as if his wound was nothing . the soldiers fought valiantly , but finally they had to give in . the document was distributed to all department heads . a note was attached to the document with a paper clip . please forward the document to the administrative office for review . we regarded the document as belonging to her brother . the document records that the war broke out in 1700 . by that , boeing means that there may also have been other problems , but that an accident could have been avoided if the crew had done their job correctly . if you are not satisfied with your share , i'll make it a bit more attractive . the physicist was aware of the potential danger of nuclear fusion . as usual , the physics teacher was late for class . the object flew away to the south , giving out flashes of light . the substance is light enough to float on the water . the story is good except that it is a little too long . the story has been passed down from generation to generation by word of mouth . the story lived on , passed from person to person . the setting of the story is japan in the late meiji period . the story has in it something of the element of tragedy . why didn't you try the dress on before you bought it ? the balloon was carried away somewhere by the wind . the tribe worships its ancestors and speaks its own language , and speaks an unfamiliar language . members of the tribe settled down along the river . the air in that room was thick with the enthusiasm of the participants . the room was decorated with flowers for the party . no sooner had i entered the room than i noticed the smell not only of tobacco but of gas . the minute i entered the room , they stopped talking . entering the room , i found her playing the piano . in the room there were four boys , who were playing cards . the production has visual appeal for the audience . the father wouldn't accept his daughter's boyfriend . he made no effort to accept his daughter's boyfriend . the ladies are looking after the children whose parents are employed in factories during the daytime . he and his wife tried to work out their problems , but couldn't . the couple doesn't fight often these days , but they used to a lot . the couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house . it is hard for the couple to live together any longer . the delinquent boy was arraigned for stealing a bicycle . the real estate broker was lavish in his spending in ginza . the unhappy woman , drowned in tears , told her story . that poor family lives from hand to mouth every month . the dying man made an effort to say something , but could not . it'll be two weeks before you receive the article . the initial symptoms of the disease are fever and sore throat . to prevent the disease from spreading quickly was not an easy task .
eng	 the hospital wants nurses to care for its patients . the unpopular politician was frequently given the razz by the crowd during his speech . the sign says that the police will take your car away if you park it here . a revised edition of the encyclopedia was published . the author doesn't display much talent in his book . the beautiful bird is said to be in danger of dying out . i guess that the beautiful girl will say goodbye to the shy young man . the beauty of the music brought tears to her eyes . the airplane accident took place yesterday , a long way off at sea . the airplane is scheduled to arrive at honolulu tomorrow morning . the airplane flies at a speed of five hundred kilometers per hour . the airplane used a rocket motor to assist with takeoff . the flight was cancelled because of the thick fog . the plane should have arrived at kansai airport by now . the plane climbed to an altitude of 10 , 000 meters . all communication with that airplane was suddenly cut off . the man was obsessed with fear that the secret might be disclosed . the secretary is good at english in addition to being beautiful . the figurative meaning is no longer in current use . what the critic says is always concise and to the point . the tragedy must be remembered so that it is not repeated . her eyes were filled with tears when she pictured the sad scene to herself . the hostess couldn't possibly put up with his arrogance . the program was broadcast over the radio yesterday . the television serial is getting more and more interesting . that evening i left my tip under a coffee cup , which i left upside down on the table . we spent all of that night , the next day , and the next night in the cellar . i spent the whole evening reading the poetry of kenji miyazawa . the criminal is sure to do time for robbing the store . the hairstyle has caught on with the girl students . the hairstyle soon became popular among young people . the announcement exaggerated the number of casualties . the power plant supplies the remote district with electricity . the discovery will have a momentous effect on the treatment of cancer . how is the discovery related to the progress of science ? if you stuff the box too full , the bottom will fall out . he claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal . the possibility that the explosion was caused by carelessness cannot be ruled out . the explosion did a lot of damage to the building . the museum has a fascinating collection of celtic artifacts . i attributed the delay in delivery to a traffic jam . the sight of the ruins brought home to him the meaning of war . the actor's death made big headlines in all the papers . i don't think any of those horses is going to win . the farmer longs for the day when the grain ripens . the farmer rose at sunrise and worked till sunset . the farmer caught the boy stealing the apples in his orchard . the old teacher began to talk about the good old days . they decided to settle down in virginia that year . the pension is not sufficient for living expenses .
eng	 the largest recipient of japan's oda that year was china . they say that since it was bitterly cold in northern europe that winter , many people were frozen to death . steel production of the year was the highest on record . car production in that year reached a record 10 million vehicles . at her age , she still preserved the appearance of a young girl . the cat took advantage of the high grass to creep on the bird . the cat upset the can of fish in order to eat the contents . she knew herself that it would be very difficult to carry out the mission . rocks are beautifully arranged in the japanese - style garden . the day was stormy , and what was worse still , it was thundering . the fire , driven by an east wind , destroyed the center of the city . that day was made a holiday by an act of the diet . it was very windy that day , and i had my umbrella blown inside out . it was cold that day , and moreover it began to rain . the day was rainy , and what was worse , thundering . the fire isn't very hot , so it won't heat the kettle . that day proved to be the turning point in his career . tell me which of the two cameras is the better one . the two men shook hands with each other the minute they were introduced . the two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance . there are subtle differences between the two things . there is no chance of a union between the two countries . the contrast between the two ideas is very marked . there's a subtle difference in meaning between the two words . the two companies combined in a joint corporation . the shy boy was utterly embarrassed in her presence . there is no need to be unnecessarily anxious about the outbreak . the dictator had the absolute loyalty of all his aides . the dictator abused his privileges to his heart's content . the bronze statue looks quite nice from a distance . the road is inadequate for the amount of traffic which it carries . the width of the road is insufficient for safe driving . go straight up the street for about 100 meters , and you will get to the junction of three roads . the cave was so dark that they had to feel their way . the same sentence could have the force of a command . those animals can be seen in the northern hemisphere . when we saw the animal so near us , we ran away in terror . the smart boy could solve all the difficult problems with great ease . the results of the survey will be announced in due course . to learn the answer you must know a little about the magnetic field around the world . when i look back upon those days , it all seems like a dream . in those days , america was not independent of the united kingdom . whenever i visited the island , i was impressed by the beauty of its nature . seen from the plane , the island looks very beautiful . the island is covered with ice and snow during the winter . 82% - more than four - fifths - of the island's exports is agricultural produce . the airfield on the island is now covered with weeds . the new law was enforced on the people of the island . the economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry .
eng	 during that winter , writing occupied most of my free time . the party won a sweeping victory at the general election . the tower is three hundred and twenty - one meters high . everyone was very surprised to discover that the slave girl was in reality a princess . the property was purchased with laundered political money . the highway leading to the city is now free of fallen rocks . the city is most famous for its automobile industry . it is well known that the city has a high crime rate . the inhabitants of the city depend upon the river for drinking water . all the roads leading into the city are full of cars . there are a few nuclear bomb shelters in the city . the climber stayed alert while climbing the precipice . the alpinists carried out the ascent , but they did not return safely . if you touch that wire , you will receive a shock . the trains are inconvenient and uncomfortable ; in addition , they never run on time . you'll get there in time , so long as you don't miss the train . as i missed the train , i had to wait for the next one for about an hour . the electrical appliance must have been damaged in transit . the means of communication can include letters , magazine and newspaper advertisements , radio and television commercials , and telephone marketing , as well as catalogs . the infectious case was isolated from other patients . the legend has come down in this district from olden times . the clerk was dismissed on the grounds of her rude manners . the store offered special discounts during the summer . we found only a small number of customers in the store . there were no more than ten customers in the shop . the exhibition offers profound insights into ancient civilization . three persons were killed and ten were severely or slightly injured in the railway accident . the railroad is now in the process of construction . the robber tried to plunge the knife into the boy . i was not in the least surprised , for i had fully expected as much . that proposal may be a way to kill two birds with one stone , but we also have to be careful not to get greedy and spoil everything . your offer is very attractive , but we will have to think about it . although the proposal seemed like a good idea , they refused it . i was unwilling to agree to the proposal , but it seemed that i had no choice . we said in unison that we didn't agree to the suggestion . the proposal has its good points as well as its bad ones . even the periodical pay raise could not keep abreast of higher living costs . it was the first of the one thousand cranes that sadako had to make . there are cherry trees on each side of the street . there are many stores on either side of the street . the trees that line the street have lovely blossoms in spring . all the passengers aboard were killed in the crash . as many as 400 passengers were killed in the crash . that species of bird is said to be in danger of dying out . the birds are so tame they will eat from your hand . the results of the research were quite satisfactory .
eng	 visitors to that town increase in number year by year . the town is located in the extreme north of japan . the town developed into the center of the economy . the town is supplied with water from a reservoir in the hills . the city can be reached in less than 20 minutes by car from here . the transportation system in that city is quite good . on arriving in the town , he went straight to see her . having lived in the town , i'm not a stranger there . there were a few large old wooden houses in the town . the secretary opened the mail which had been delivered that morning . let's have our picture taken with the statue in the back , shall we ? the statue was carved from a block of cherry wood . the monument was erected in honor of the eminent philosopher . an immense monument was erected in honor of the eminent philosopher . the prominent poet attempted to commit suicide in his study . the prominent psychologist resembles my uncle in appearance . the middle - aged women kept talking loudly all the way . one of them is an actor , who is going to pretend to murder someone . among these there may be new sources of food fish and new species of other creatures . it seems the rural area will be developed on a large scale . can you tell us about some of the natural features of that area ? but for the map , we could not have found the way . the earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced . the whole village was laid flat by the earthquake . that district is no longer a safe place to live in . the region is relatively rich in mineral resources . because of fighting in the region , the oil supply was temporarily cut off . industrialization of the region must be carried out very carefully to avoid environmental destruction . a generous tax break will be provided to foreign companies that set up factories in the area . the anthropologist says odd customs do persist in the region . people , goods and money are all free to move across national borders in the region . hundreds of people have starved to death in that district . he jumped to his feet the moment he heard the news . scarcely had i heard the news when i felt inclined to cry . the news left me wondering what would happen next . a blanket of silence fell over everyone when they heard the disappointing announcement . everyone shouted for joy when they heard the news . i was beside myself with joy when i heard the news . that news will besmirch his reputation for honesty . many people were plunged into distress by the news . upon finding the news true , she couldn't help but cry for joy . whether the news is true or false makes little difference . it was not until few days later that the news arrived . the man must be over sixty , for his hair is gray . that man is on trial for the murder of a little girl . the man assured us that she didn't commit the murder . that man was standing a little ways away , but he turned when he heard tom shout . the man did not so much as apologize for stepping on my foot . the man asked me who i was , to which question i did not think it necessary to answer .
eng	 the man held on to his job stubbornly and would not retire . the guy was so childish that he couldn't resist temptation . the man put the gun against his forehead and squeezed the trigger . the man lives from hand to mouth and never saves a cent . the man is suspected of having a hand in the affair . the man went to pieces when the judge said he would have to go to prison for life . the man , whom i didn't know at all , knew about me well . the man decided to wait at the station until his wife came . the man glanced at the news program and was shocked . the boy took off his clothes and put on his pajamas . when the boy came in contact with the hot stove , he burned his hand . the little boy held his mother's hand firmly when crossing the street . the boy deemed that he cheated in the examination . taking care of the boy is a great drain on her energies . he knew nothing bad about him , but he felt something evil . the man was devoid of such human feelings as sympathy . she became scared when she noticed the man following her . the man's statement to the pretty girl that he was a millionaire was all eye - wash . the organization is concerned with the welfare of the aged . the organization plays a principal role in wildlife conservation . the organization furnished the refugees with food . the group put up posters to remind people that noise is harmful . the group withdrew their support for the government . the organization is not connected with any political parties . the country's foreign trade totally depends on this port . the mystery story is so hard that i don't like it . the detective disguised himself as an old gentleman . if you don't know the meaning of the word , you have to look it up in the dictionary . if you are not sure about the meaning of the word , look it up in your dictionary . there is a rumor that gold has been found in the valley . great difficulties stand in the way of its achievement . the millionaire intended to purchase the masterpiece regardless of cost . when the big earthquake occurred , i was just ten . the minister was obliged to resign from the cabinet . the minister , whom i spoke to recently , agrees with me . the minister appointed one of his cronies to a key position . the cathedral had a religious painting on its ceiling . the ambassador will be recalled from his present post soon . the giant plane screamed down in an almost vertical dive . the university conferred its highest degree on him . the university was founded by his father twenty years ago . please tell me the requirements for admission to the college . the president of the university is likely to resign . all the students of the university have access to the university library . that university's curriculum covers natural science and social science . they have a very good curriculum at that university . the big ugly tree destroys the beauty of the house . that big advertisement tower puts our city to shame . he was very much frightened at the sight of the big snake . the boy found the big box contained nothing but old newspapers .
eng	 the representative was absent from the annual conference . instead , he worked a switch that controlled his computer . it was clear that the lazy student would never live up to his family's expectations . the weak boy was eliminated from the bitter contest . the waiting room was so noisy that i couldn't hear my name called . he is a little slow , but otherwise he is a good student . the villagers have done without electricity for a long time . the villagers serve their own needs by taking turns driving the bus . the villagers , however poor , were kind to others . the village is now very different from what it was ten years ago . the village is many kilometers away from the seashore . it will become more and more difficult to live in the village . this is the house where i used to live when i was young . the village lay in a valley about half a mile in breadth . the village is now different from what it used to be . it is just my recollection that there remained no more than 20 people in the village . the village is connected with our town by a bridge . after that , internal temperature begins to climb rapidly . it took a long time to accustom myself to the noise . you can't turn the heat off as long as the system is operating . the thin man paused in the shade with his knees a little bent . the thin man took a rest in the shade of a shrine . the quarrel originated in rivalry between the two countries . after the conflict there were many dead on both sides . it is impossible to catch up with the fast runner . the twins look so much alike it's next to impossible to distinguish one from the other . the twins were so alike that it was difficult to tell them apart . the twins are so much alike that i can not distinguish one from the other . the system will go into operation in a short time . the accountability of the management of the organization is held in question . that organization depends on voluntary contributions . the union has a dominant influence on the conservative party . you ought to think over whether the premise is valid or not . before that , we had better make sure of the fact . the player won the championship three times in a row . that athlete won three times in a row in this tournament . the storm will make it impossible for the ship to leave port . the ship will set sail for hong kong tomorrow at 3 p . m . the ship made slow progress against the strong wind . the ship was carrying a lot of passengers on board . the vessel was loaded with coal , lumber , and so on . the agitator is inclined to exaggerate trivial matters . the war affected the way the japanese view nuclear weapons . as a result of the war , a great number of victims remained . the warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness . that fight seemed like a life - or - death struggle . the river is polluted by waste from houses and factories . the river is about half as long again as the thames . a railway bridge is already being built over the river . the specialist predicts international tension will build up .
eng	 the teacher is in charge of the third - year class . the teacher found it difficult to get his meaning across to the students . the teacher is counted the best dresser in our school . the teacher is counted as the best dresser in our school . the teacher emphasized the importance of education . the teacher wants to do away with cheating on tests in school . the teacher enjoyed talking with some of the graduates . that teacher is in charge of the third - year class . the teacher speaks good french , not to mention english . his explanation of the problem adds up to nonsense . the tickets were not available for friday's performance . please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it . it was not until the baby was fed that he stopped crying . the baby transferred its affection to its new mother . the baby never kept still while i was taking his picture . the baby tried to get at the red candle on the table . the stone was inscribed with the date of his death . building the steel factory was a great enterprise . the manufacturer guaranteed the new machine for 5 years . the industrialist found a wealthy financier to help him weather the storm which was inevitable . the statement imported that changes were necessary . when he heard the voice , he looked out of the window . many people visited the shrine where the saint lay buried . the vigorous man is engaged in diverse activities . the student did not so much as answer the teacher . the student became very nervous with the teacher watching him . the students were told to turn in reports by the next day . some of the students played tennis , and the others played volleyball . in its home country of germany , the hot dog was called the frankfurter . the star is so bright as to be seen with the naked eye . the hair - dressing liquid gave off a strong smell . the high - ranking government official ruled out the possibility of a general election . the politician was not ashamed of having taken bribes . the politician had sticky fingers , and 5% of every contract ended in his pocket . the politician had to take back his words and eat crow . the politician said he was deeply indebted to everyone for their support in the election . the politician did not bother to apologize for betraying our trust . the statesman seems to be concerned with the affair . the wife and son of the statesman died three years ago . the politician first made a name for himself as an actor . that politician has been trafficking in drugs for years . the statesman barely coped with the intricate issue . the name of this statesman is known to everybody in japan . the statesman's death had a great impact on the political world . when the politician died , everybody hoped the son would follow in his father's footsteps . the political scandal was brought to light by two journalists . the uniforms are different from those of our school . the opinion poll was based on a random sample of adults . the fork made its way to western tables several hundred years later , but it was not immediately accepted .
eng	 the figure indicates approximately two thirds of the freshmen are indifferent to politics . there seem to be few people who can solve that math problem . the math homework proved to be easier than i had expected . the drunkard had too much to drink ; he has gone haywire . the swimming pool is used in common by all the children in the neighborhood . the mystery contains more dialogue than narrative . the anthropologist delivered a lecture on primitive cultures . covered with dust , the doll stood in the corner of the room . that popular television series is going to spin off two new shows in the fall . the man wrote down the name for fear he should forget it . the man passed by without so much as glancing at her . the man must have succeeded in business by virtue of his efforts . the man jumped at our offer of a half - price bargain sale . the man went out of his way to take me to the station . the man extricated ellie from a dangerous situation . can their families say this for them ? some people think this is a good idea . you can't judge a person if you don't know him well . you cannot judge a person if you don't know him well . you ought not to speak ill of others behind their backs . the man would jump at our offer of a half price bargain sale . you don't fall in love with somebody because he's perfect . the myth offers insights into the ancient civilization . the decay of the shrine is due , in part , to acid rain . the nervous girl is in the habit of chewing the end of her pencil . it was stupid of you to have turned down the offer . the forest is full of birds and animals of all kinds . the new medicine demonstrated an immediate effect . the manner in which the new salesman made top sales level was an eye - opener to his supervisor . the newspaper recalled the special correspondent to the main office in tokyo . please give me the paper when you have done with it . the newspaper alleged his involvement in the crime . the newspaper called for the government to stop inflation . the circulation of the newspaper is only one - third that of its competitor . the new boy is distant because he does not know us . the new product will not be distributed through conventional channels . the advance reviews of the new film are very favorable . the new couple have gone off to hawaii on their honeymoon . the new model car will be brought to market in may . i learned about the new book by the advertisement in the magazine . it is impossible to get him to understand the new theory . the new theory is too abstract for ordinary people . under the new law , husbands can take days off to care for their children . the new law has deprived the citizens of their liberty . he argued that the new policy was bound to drive the economy into recession . the new library has been under construction since last year . the new nation is under the economic influence of japan . having discussed the new project for three hours , we concluded that andrew's plan was the best . the new school failed to take into account the special needs of young people .
eng	 the new designs are much better than the old ones . the umpire was partial to the team from his country . proper qualifications are required for the position . the prime purpose of the profession is the rendering of a public service . there were a good many candidates for the position . six people applied for the job , but none of them were employed . the colony declared independence and became a republic . the roses were in full bloom in the botanical garden . the plant ranges from the north of europe to the south . i am sure the situation will take a turn for the better . the clause provides that all decisions shall be made by majority vote . terms were signed between japan , germany , great britain and the united states . the information was given away to the newspaper prior to the announcement . whoever visits the place admires its beautiful scenery . the place just doesn't look as good as it used to . now , all heads turn toward the dean , who sits surrounded by a faint halo of light . those who were present were very glad at the news . one of the gentlemen who were present addressed the pupils . stopgap measures won't make a dent in drug addiction . the castle was transformed into a marvelous museum . the castle has been restored and is open to the public . the castle , burnt down in 1485 , was not rebuilt . and , to make the matter worse , he has taken to drinking . the senator remained neutral in the furious controversy . the senator avowed his devotion to his constituents . furthermore , experiments were never carried out against the rules but were performed always well within them - otherwise they would not be recognized as experiments at all . he was not aware that the praise was a satire in disguise . the prize money enabled me to go on a world cruise . the evidence corresponds to his previous statement . that portrait reminds me of someone i knew a long time ago . the portrait shows the profile of a beautiful woman . the brave fireman rescued a boy from the burning house . the boy solved the simultaneous equation with ease . the boy was taken away from school by his parents . the boy learned the famous poem by heart soon after he read it . the boy pretended he could read , but he was holding the book upside down . i hear he traveled by bicycle from hokkaido to kyushu . the boy dreamed of going on an antarctic expedition . that boy was so clever that he was helpful to the merchant in dealing . the boy dyed his hair because he wanted to be noticed . the boy broke the window with a baseball last weekend . the boy was good at mathematics so everybody considered him a genius . the boy isn't aware of his parents' efforts to raise him . the boy soon accommodated himself to his new class . the boy neglected to water the plants , and he was scolded . the boy screamed for help , but couldn't make himself heard . the boy was absent from school yesterday because of illness . the boy was allowed to come along having promised to improve his manners . the boy fainted , but he came to when we threw water on his face .
eng	 the boy put on his athletic shoes and ran outside . the boy gave up his seat to the old man on the bus . the boy was on the point of drowning when his father came to his rescue . the boy more than justified the favourable opinion they had formed of him . the boy came around when we threw water on his face . the boy has been absent from school for eight days . there seems to be something peculiar about the boy . it was next to unthinkable that the boy would steal . the little girl , deeply moved by the old man's pitiful story , burst into tears . the girl talked to her parents about her college life in tokyo . filled with sorrow , the girl looked him in the eye . the girl began to cry at the sight of the big dog . the little girl was left in her grandmother's care . the girl was kind enough to show me the way to the museum . the girl is getting over mountains of difficulties . the girl did not like to wash dishes , but she made the best of it . the girl was badly injured in the traffic accident . the girl fainted , but she came to when we threw water on her face . the girl danced in a way that brought joy to the audience . no sooner had the girl caught sight of the monster than she ran away . the girl had to abandon the idea of becoming a singer . the girl took the cake for her wonderful dancing at the recital . that girl's dress made her look like a grown - up . the little girl was absorbed in reading a fairy tale . this girl is always smiling , but she's not happy . the girl , closing her eyes , listened to the pastor . the girl came around when we threw water on her face . the girl's name reminds me of my happy school days . not one of the girl's teachers could account for her poor examination results . having met the girl before , i recognized her at once . when the girl entered the room , some boys made fun of her because of her little hat . the path continues straight ahead for miles on end . i may have read the novel , but i don't remember it . the novel has been translated into many languages . the novel , the author of which is a famous singer , is selling well . the small country was annexed to its larger neighbor . the small country is making great efforts to keep up with other developing countries . the hut kept the rain and dew out after a fashion . the cottage looked as if nobody were living in it . these smaller parts are called counties , and each county has a county council , like westhamptonshire county council . the little boy has lost the money given to him by his father . the little girl managed to keep silent , having been terrified by the lightning . the big dog remained calm as the small dog hung from its leg . the little boy gazed at the huge elephant , eyes wide open . the little girl never smiles at anyone other than emily . the general lived the rest of his life peacefully after his retirement . the shopping district is easily accessible from our house . it is rumored that the firm is going to tie up with an american company . our team was in high spirits because of the victory .
eng	 the actress said that she was engaged to a banker . the actress was presented a bouquet of flowers after the performance . the rumor is going around that the actress is going to get a divorce . the hostess couldn't possibly tolerate his arrogance . the woman was at a loss whether to accept his proposal or not . the lady persisted in wearing such an old - fashioned shirt . the woman tried to shout out " help ! " but the word stuck in her throat . everyone in the girls' class brought their own lunch . the woman managed the drunk as if he were a child . the teacher had her eye on me because she thought i was cheating . every time the woman teacher passed the school yard , someone gave her the razz . the woman was asked to make allowance for the poor health of the baby . how brave of him to jump into the water to save the little girl ! instantly the girl saw her mother , she burst out crying . the instant the girl saw her mother , she burst out crying . the girl insisted on going shopping with her mother . the girl said she was going shopping with her mother , and didn't listen to what i said . the little girl is not capable of riding a bicycle . the girl asked her father to read the book to her . he is curious about how she will receive the news . missing for years , the document miraculously came to light the other day . so valuable were the books that they were handled with the greatest care . publication of the book was timed to coincide with the author's birthday . i fainted from the heat , and when i came to , i was in a life raft . it was impossible for me not to think of incident . let's make believe that we know nothing about that event . he introduced me to his relatives at the reception . the assignment took me longer than i had expected . when we came to the crossroads our cab slowed down . that ugly butcher resembles that fictional monster . the assembly consisted of people concerned about human rights . the assembly voted to protest against any nuclear armament . there were a great many people present at the assembly . the custom was handed down from generation to generation . the practice still prevails locally in parts of japan . the province supplies its neighbors with various raw materials . the province is relatively rich in mineral resources . the legislator of that state did away with outdated laws . the anthropologist says old customs still prevail in the province . the prisoners fought one another like so many mad people . the convict was pardoned after serving his sentence . the prime minister became all the more popular because he never gave way to pressure from the neighboring country . judging by the swelling , the man must have been bitten by a snake . the language of that tribe is as complex as any other human language . the species will be made extinct by the end of this century . the hand of the magician was quicker than our eyes . before we could say jack robinson , the cards he was holding between his fingers disappeared . it took the doctor eight hours to do the operation .
eng	 the letter was to let her know that he had been ill . see to it that the letter is posted this afternoon . the letter was consigned to the wastepaper basket . the content of the letter had an interesting effect on my marriage . the letter sounds forced , what is worse , insincere . the letter does not say what time she will come up to tokyo . the arrangements are subject to change without notice . twist that knob to the right and the box will open . that doctrine will no doubt lead to dismal consequences . that doctrine will no doubt lead to serious consequences . the main reason is that the subjects were totally unaware of the possibility of shortcuts . the feeble patient is suffering from stomach cancer . that young man is going to go far in this profession . the young man saved the girl from a bunch of hoodlums . this young teacher is loved by all of the students . the young woman was carrying an infant in her arms . the young professor is adored by the girl students . the young doctor devoted himself to helping the poor and sick . the young couple were deeply devoted to each other . the car proved to be a slave , so i will not be a master . the car has been kicking around the roadside for weeks . to some extent , you can control the car in a skid . the car has three rows of seats and is capable of carrying eight passengers . the car passed by , raising a cloud of dust behind it . the back seat of the car will hold three passengers . the socialist was accompanied by a female interpreter . the social worker was asked to follow up the information about the stevenson family . the sociologist has a habit of scratching his back . the photo brought back many happy memories of my childhood . the photo catches the tension in the court very well . the photograph brought back memories of my childhood . some of the photos have been taken at the risk of life . some of the photos have been taken at the risk of life and limb . the play was a lot of fun . i wish you could have been there . the success of newly - developed applications and government - forced deregulation may hold the key to achieving this economic implementation . the laboratory has the most up - to - date equipment . a group of scientists stood by , ready to record the experiment . the experiment was made on a hundred unmarried males . the experiment failed because of some minor faults . it is the attitude of the subjects that controls the outcome of the experiment . close observation is necessary for the experiment . the businessman appeared on television this morning . the businessman is thinking of rescinding the contract . the businessman didn't dare withdraw from the transaction . so difficult was the question that no one could answer . if i knew the answer to the question , i would tell you . it will only take a moment to answer the question . i wish i could come up with a good answer to the question . the more difficult the questions are , the less likely i'll be able to answer them . the ceremony was held in honor of the guest from china .
eng	 please lend me the dictionary when you are through with it . i got a horrible shock when i saw the car accident . it cost me one thousand yen to get the bicycle fixed . she's feeling much better thanks to that medical treatment . the undersecretary was maintained in office by the political bosses . at that time she was engaged in operating a tractor . she was superstitious , as the people of that period usually were . the picture i saw then was a most entertaining one . it is predicted that the watch company will produce over one million new watches a year . the clock , which my grandfather bought , is still in good order . from that moment on , he felt undying hatred for his oppressors . up to that time he had been staying with his uncle . this was before people knew how to record voices , so we don't know exactly what he sounded like . not till then did i realize the danger of the situation . it wasn't until then that i felt really frightened . at that time , she was smiling and singing very quietly . i could not understand what the president said then . at that time i really understood that gorillas have feelings . the charity is named after a man who gave away some two billion yen . the building to the right of that office building is the tokyo building . the dictionary contains about half a million words . that fact is of great importance from the viewpoint of science . the fact is of great importance from the viewpoint of science . the accident shows that he is careless about driving . the accident was due to the drunken driving of a certain film star . the accident was brought about by his carelessness . the accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow . we think that the narrow road was responsible for the accident . the accident was due to the driver's carelessness . the accident happened because of the driver's negligence . the accident was caused by the error on the part of the driver . the accident took place on the evening of last sunday . the accident was due to the negligence of the caretaker . the accident was caused chiefly by the unpredictable weather . i don't blame you for the accident ; it was not your fault . the toll from the accident was 5 persons dead and 100 persons injured . the news of the accident was sent out at once over the radio . the traffic accident prevented me from catching the train . soon after the accident they found a live animal there . just to think about the accident makes me shudder . you must bring the person who is immediately concerned with the accident . we were faced with an unusual situation because of the accident . i couldn't but sympathize with the girl who had lost her parents in the accident . the man injured in the accident was taken to the hospital . some were injured and others were killed in the accident . the passengers who were injured in the accident were taken to the nearest hospital . it's a miracle that he wasn't killed in the accident . it is a pity that nobody was saved in the accident , isn't it ? the news that her son was injured in the accident was a great shock to her .
eng	 fifteen people were killed or injured in the accident . as a result of the accident , several passengers were killed . ten people were killed or injured in the accident . a number of passengers were injured in the accident . there were fifteen persons injured in the accident . almost all of the passenger in the bus were asleep when the accident happened . he had been working in the factory for three years when the accident occurred . it is a complete mystery what caused the accident . you have only to read this article to see how serious the accident was . no one knew for certain how the accident happened . please keep me informed of the development of the case . the explanation of the event was omitted for lack of space . a reward has been offered for information pertaining to the incident . i'm not at liberty to tell you about the incident . the business will yields a fair return on the investment . the undertaking entailed great expense upon the government . the business hasn't been paying for the last six months . the total expense for the project amounts to one hundred million yen . your success in the enterprise depends on your effort . the mere thought of it is enough to make me happy . we elected her to approach our teacher on the matter . anyone can participate in the game , no matter what nationality they are . the result of the examination fell short of our expectations . i cannot help feeling that the attempt has turned out to be a failure . the poet always takes account of humanism before everything . the poet attempted to commit suicide in his study . the poet has been writing poems since this morning . it was while i was in hokkaido that i first met the poet . the poet and novelist were both present at the meeting . as the poet says , a little learning is a dangerous thing . the manager gave the precise answer which i was looking for . the director became really anxious at this second postponement . the mayor is sensitive to the way his programs have been criticized . the mayor appropriated city money for his own use . the city has decided to do away with the streetcar . the city was restored to tranquility after a week . that child insisted on going there with his parents . the child , with sleepy eyes , was sitting on the bench . the child was scolded by his mother in the presence of others . as soon as the child saw his mother , he stopped crying . the child was told to apologize for being rude to the guests . the child is being taken good care of by the doctor . those children were covered with dirt from head to foot . those children always get into trouble with their parents . the child was incapable of understanding his father's death . that child is sick and has been in the hospital since last sunday . the little boy has grown , he comes up to my waist now ! she could not bring herself to jump into the water . the boy was not humiliated by the laughter of his classmates . that child may have been kidnapped on his way home . that child is only four , but he can already count to 100 .
eng	 that kid was almost run over when the truck backed up . he insisted on going to the department store with his mother . no sooner had the child seen his mother than he burst into tears . that kid got a slap from his mother for being rude . the boy did not reach his father's stature of six feet . my mother says that the child's illnesses are phony . hope of finding the child alive is fading rapidly . the children were so excited after the party that they couldn't sleep . the children had the benefit of a good upbringing . the two sisters were always quarreling with each other . there are some tools with which to do the job easily . i think he's making a big mistake by turning down the job . it is utterly impossible to finish the work within a month . the job gave him bed , board , and 200 dollars a week to spend . if the work is to be completed before june , more people will have to make more effort . it is impossible for me to finish the work in a day . the job looked quite simple , but it took me a week . the job pays well , but on the other hand i have to work twelve hours a day . the work is easy enough for me to finish in a couple of hours . that work will be finished at the end of this week . it seems the task will not be accomplished in our generation . be sure to keep in mind that you're supposed to complete the work within a week . the work will take anywhere from two to three weeks . it's a good paying job , but the fly in the ointment is that i'll have to spend a lot of time traveling . that job was not very interesting , but on the other hand it was well paid . the task is so difficult that i cannot accomplish it . it appeared as if the work would not be finished in a year . the accomplishment of the task took several years . there is no one here who can help you with the work . that job brings him in an extra 60 , 000 yen a month . it rests with you to decide whom to choose for the job . no less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work . in the factory , all the equipment was up to date . not that i dislike that job , but that i have no time to do it . not that i dislike the work , but that i have no time . the industry is heavily dependent on government funding . the fire which caused the disaster broke out on the second floor of the hospital . the mountain is more than 3 , 000 meters above sea level . the mountain is about 3000 meters above sea level . the mountain is covered with snow all the year round . the mountain top is covered with snow almost all year . the top of the mountain is always covered with snow . the view from the top of the mountain took my breath away . it's not absolutely impossible to climb the mountain . the mountain is standing out in sharp relief against the blue sky . having read through the magazine , he lent it to me . the magazine jumped the gun and reported on the scandal . would you lend me the latest issue of the magazine ? the latest issue of the magazine will come out next monday . the magazine article said that the value of the yen would rise .
eng	 there was no clue as to the identity of the murderer . the murder case may bear a relation to his sudden death . the scene of the murder was too terrible to describe . the fence was not high enough to keep the wolves out . i wrote the composition in haste , so it must be full of mistakes . the work will give birth to a new school of novel . finally her true talent revealed itself in that painting . the writer is very popular because he expresses himself well . the writer is said to have studied at a university in germany when young . the author presented a copy of his latest book to me . the writer was descended from the greek royal family . the author is seventy , but he's no less productive than he was twenty years ago . the writer's furniture is all shown in this museum . the author translated the fairy tale into our mother tongue . in addition to about 30 , 000 yen , the wallet contained his driver's license . the criminal became a christian and turned over a new leaf . and this is the judgment , that the light is come into the world , and men loved the darkness rather than the light ; for their works were evil . the festival is held in the second week of january every year . it is believed that the festival comes from the south pacific islands . the fortress was secure from every kind of attack . the earthquake which caused the disaster occurred in 1995 . after the disaster , there was scarcely any water left on the island . whoever made that last comment , please leave now . stir the mixture until it foams , then set it aside . we need a spirit of enterprise to overcome the difficulty . those black people have long been deprived of their rights . progress has been very slow indeed , so far as the social life of the people is concerned . the international conference was to be held in february this year . there's a checkpoint at the border where they look in your trunk . the congressman broke the news of conspiracy and made no bones about taking drastic action against it . introducing democratic ideas into that country will be a slow process . the country is trying hard to make up for her trade deficit . that country broke off diplomatic relations with the united states . the country was in a state of anarchy at that time . that country remained neutral throughout world war ii . the country is very different from what it was just after the war . the country is renowned for the beauty of its mountain scenery . the country is confronted with a financial crisis . the country appealed to the united nations for help . the country appealed to the united nation for help . that country is turning into a society with high education . the country is isolated economically and politically . the country is famous for the rapid growth of its economy . that country intervened in the internal affairs of our nation . the country was governed by a french noble family . the country is well on the way to industrialization . the country is on the way to becoming a democratic nation . the beautiful of that country is beyond description .
eng	 the government of that country oppresses its people . people in the country were living under a tyranny . the population of that country is about three - fourths of that of japan . one third of the population of that country cannot read . parts of the country are so dry as to be almost desert . to get the nation's economy out of the red , more foreign aid had to be pumped in . demand the exclusion of the country from the u . n . the country's economy has developed making use of its rich national resources . the economy of the country kept growing for years . the rapid growth of the country has a lot to do with the characteristics of the people . a part of the country was at one time a french settlement . the evil leader of the country was interested only in money . those who lived in that country could not speak out against their leaders . we cannot rule out the possibility that civil war will break out in that country . i am anxious to see what there is to be seen of the country . there is a movement against japanese goods in that country . the increase in population has become a serious problem in the country . so many people are starving to death in the country . in this country the average number of children per family fell from 2 to 1 . 5 . the heavy snowfall prevented our train from leaving on time . in addition to that sum he still owes me ten dollars . the agreement was a product of compromise between the two governments . the roof of the high rise building overlooks the whole town . an immense monument was erected in honor of the noble patriot . the auditorium is terribly stained . it is , in part , due to acid rain . the outside walls of the auditorium are terribly stained . it is , in part , due to acid rain . the lecture was very long , but i enjoyed it none the less . the speaker was so famous as to need no introduction . the speaker was so well - known as to need no introduction . and will not come into the light for fear that his deeds will be exposed . so that it may be seen plainly that what he has done has been done through god . the aviation expert analyzed the statistics in detail . the concept is quite alien to our way of thinking . the flood was the greatest disaster they had ever had . the flood caused a great deal of damage to the crop . the principal made a rule for the purpose of giving a good school life to the students . the school building was a blaze of light in the evening darkness . the factory has laid off some three hundred workers . the factory decided to do away with the old machinery . the factory produced ten finished articles an hour . the factory turns out eight hundred motorcycles a month . the factory has dismissed some three hundred workers . the workers in the factory were forced to work hard to improve the products . the factory waste gave rise to serious environmental pollution . the factory is trying to get rid of water pollution . they carried on with the construction in the face of strong opposition from the residents . there were many signs in the park that said " keep off the grass . "
eng	 my hair stood on end with horror when i saw the scene . the candidate handed out a great amount of money in the election . the candidate is the kind of person that we can look up to . the traffic accident happened before my very eyes . the driver does not have responsibility for the traffic accident . he missed the train because of the traffic accident . his misspelling of that word eliminated him from the contest . will you please explain to me the exact meaning of the word ? and soon after i procured xenophon's memorable things of socrates , in which there are many instances of the same method . after that he began to enjoy life again and gradually recovered . after that , many live in special homes for the aged where their children and grandchildren can come to visit them . then hawking wanted to finish his degree , work at cambridge , and keep on living . then i slipped out the card . no water leaks out because no air can come in ; the rim is too close to the table for that . after this he went down to capernaum with his mother and brothers and his disciples . the customer's complaint was about a sensitive issue . don't waste any more time responding to that customer . the ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight . the door will not open ; the lock must be out of order . the lonely man derives pleasure from observing ants . the old proverb still holds good in our modern society . it was decided that the old building be pulled down . the old cottage had only one bed , so we all took turns sleeping in it . i feel disenchanted by the limited capacity of the computer . the word refers to not only adults but also children . if you don't know what the word means , look it up in the dictionary . the tone in which those words were spoken utterly belied them . the linguist is fluent in several chinese dialects . the vision that was planted in my senses still silently lingers . the nuclear ship was built at a considerable expense . some of the ingredients are harmful , especially if you are pregnant . the humble man is getting along with his neighbors . the prefectural governor got the upper hand in the july elections . the laboratory acquired a fabulous reputation for its historic discovery . the research institute was established in the late 1960s . the study made it clear that smoking ruins our health . there's no need to be frightened of the dog ; he is quite harmless . the dog was so clever that he seemed almost human . you can buy that dog if you want to . it is for sale . that building can easily be seen from the other side of the room . the building doesn't blend in with its surroundings . the building is built of marble of a most lovely color . the building will be made of concrete on a steel framework . the building is on your right . you can't miss it . the building was not sold for 10 , 000 dollars , let alone 15 , 000 dollars . it was difficult for me to find the entrance to that building . please wait for me at the entrance of the building . only part of the building has been destroyed by the earthquake .
eng	 the architect suggested that the building be restored . i cannot but object to his opinion as to the matter . i cannot refrain from expressing my opinion about the affair . we'd better brainstorm about it together and get a better idea . i'd like to have an interview with your father about the matter . i pointed out that he was mistaken about the matter . the conclusion was formed on the basis of these facts . from that conclusion the family could be divided into two groups . it was obvious to everyone that the marriage would sooner or later end in divorce . he was rubbing his hands over the report of the result . as a result , it is undeniable that important disciplines and moral education have been neglected . by placing excessive importance on scholastic achievement , many parents have forgotten such basic social courtesies as consideration for others . the result is a continual search for food in a changing environment . as a result , more women are receiving equal work . as a result , people have got so used to being paid this way that they're uncomfortable with any other . the decision has something to do with what you said . i could clearly see that the hard work had begun to tell on his health . it's nothing impressive . it's just a bit part in that play . the play was so popular that the theater was almost full . in the play she doubled the parts of a maid and shop girl . the whale has been found off the coast of wakayama . as the artist grows older his paintings may alter . the artists pledged to contribute all his property to charity . the policeman went over the room in search for evidence . the police caught sight of the criminal running away . the policeman talked to the children in as friendly a manner as he could . your help is indispensable for the success of the scheme . it may be too early for us to put the project into practice . it cost lots of money to put the plan into practice . it will be to our mutual benefit to carry out the plan . in carrying out the plan , you should have reckoned with all possible difficulties . the plans are being made without regard to his schedule . the plan was given up under the pressure of public opinion . the plan met with opposition from the inhabitants . the plan was given up at length because funds ran short . the program does not allow for changes at this point in time . i cannot approve of the plan , seeing that it costs too much . they carried on with the plan in spite of strong objections to it . the project will entail great expense upon the company . the plan was supported by practically all the attendants . i find the plan to be unsatisfactory in several ways . we have to get the necessary capital ready for the plan . some people are for the plan and others are against it . it seemed obvious to me that the plan needed a few revisions . the stalk is a little bigger around than your little finger . the economist instinctively anticipated the current depression . the experience prejudiced her in favor of the democratic party . those brothers are both over 6 feet in height . that's indeed tall .
eng	 the army was involved in a number of brilliant actions during the battle . the army made inroads into the neighboring country . the force held out bravely against their enemy's attacks . the trainee could hardly bear the burden of the task . after examining the bear at leisure , i made a rush on him . the hosiery factory produces 600 , 000 pairs of socks a day . the shoes were made of some soft stuff that looked like leather . the bank has branches in all parts of the country . the bank opens at 9 a . m . and closes at 3 p . m . the branch offices of the bank are located all over japan . his admission that he had stolen the money astonished his family . i'll lend you money , but mind you , this is the last time . the money was appropriated for building the gymnasium . the money will go a good way towards my school expenses . have you ever heard that music played on the guitar ? the industry has seen many booms and busts in the past . the bridge is so made that it may open in the middle . the professor is familiar with contemporary literature . the professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand . the professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand him . the professor is noted for his study of shakespeare . the professor was unable to comprehend what i meant . the classroom was so noisy i didn't hear my name called . the teacher is always finding fault with his students . the teacher affirmed the decision of the student council . the teacher always thinks highly of the students who try to think , " why ? " . dozens of people were injured in the terrible accident . the fearful noise astonished anyone coming for the first time . the center fielder shifted his position for the slugger . the association has excluded amateurs ever since its foundation . the president of the republic is chosen by the people . congratulations on coming first in the competition . in the contest he fully displayed what ability he had . the fisherman saved himself by means of a floating board . visitors to the palace can still see this tennis court today . the playwright cherishes the vivid memories of his childhood . the customer rejected everything that i showed her . the guest was not ashamed of his silly conduct at all . a discussion of the proposal seems to be in order . the member of the diet brought in a bill on political contribution , but it didn't pass . the victim is thought to have taken a large quantity of poison by mistake . we must go back to the middle ages to trace the origin . because of its origins , canadian english has features of both american and british english . the reporter filed his story just before the paper went to press . the article was an invitation for public protest against the newspaper . the regulation was abolished , but then it was reenacted . there are cases where the rule does not hold good . there were a few passengers in the train who were injured in the accident . the institution was established in the late 1960s . it took a lot of time and money to build the machine . the machine was too complicated for us to find out the cause of the trouble .
eng	 the machine , which is excellent , has a good reputation . in addition to classifying the data , the machine also checks the figures . the machine broke because he had not looked after it properly . the surface of the peculiar object is fairly rough . there's a rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy . they have taken great pains to finish the project , i hear . the face will leave in you an utterly different impression . by then tony was in his middle sixties and still able to work hard , but he had a brand - new truck now , a new mower , a lot of other equipment and three people helping him . the nurse substituted for the doctor who caught a terrible cold . that man is the richest whose pleasures are the cheapest . the patient is getting worse and worse day by day . the patient felt none the better for having taken the new pills . the patient felt the worse for having taken the pills . in the drought , many people and animals starved to death . the great difficulties stand in the way of its achievement . the end of which there were two little sketches of rhetoric and logic , the latter finishing with a specimen of a dispute in the socratic method . the band entertained the spectators at the parade . the students were for the most part from the west coast . since the student has worked very hard , he is making rapid progress . the student arrived after the examination was over . the student may have copied the figures in a hurry . being a science student , one naturally thinks quickly , so the student snapped up and replied . the students were all looking forward to summer vacation . the student took to heart the judge's critical comments on his speech . when i asked the college student if he regularly attended his school , he was at a loss for an answer . the scholar spent what little money he had on books . the scholar carried out his lifework at the age of seventy . the scholar regards so - called compulsory education as useless . the speech of the scholar is well worth listening to . that school is equipped with the latest gymnastics apparatus . students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds . bear in mind that that school is an integrated junior high and high school . every child in the school took to the new teacher . i inquired at the school only to find there was no student by the name of yamada . when the school needed a new teacher , he applied for the position . the school does not allow students to smoke on campus . the cabinet minister wound up submitting his resignation . turn left at the next corner , and you'll find the station . the sea came in sight of us as we turned the corner . the town is situated 1 , 500 meters above sea level . the shops in the street were for the most part closed . i thought the little boy who was staring and pointing at the foreigner was very rude . the foreigner spoke japanese as if it were her mother tongue . the painting is not worth the price you are asking . i never see that picture without being reminded of my hometown .
eng	 the picture is presumed to have been painted by picasso . the picture was wonderful . you ought to have seen it . the picture is colorful in contrast with this one . there is a castle in the background of the picture . they are building a long bridge across the channel . the strange - looking woman was thought to be a witch . the memoir breathes the deepest respect for his father . the newscaster puts too much emphasis on the food crisis . there's another rumor in the air that the firm is going into bankruptcy . that company is on the rocks because of bad debts . the company provides health care and life insurance benefits for all of its employees . the company is owned by a group of entrepreneurs who started it right after the war . the company is bringing out a new kind of sports car . the company always strives to satisfy its customers . the company invited their prospective customers to the party . the firm provides its workers with their uniforms , but they are expected to have them regularly cleaned . the company laid off twenty percent of its work force ; therefore , expenses decreased . the company didn't make any effort to improve its business practices . the company was started with $100 , 000 in capital . the firm has recently diversified its products so as to extend its market . the firm is known for its high - quality products . the company manufactures a wide variety of musical instruments . the firm decided to do away with the old machinery . the company introduced japanese methods into its business . having fallen victim to increased competition , the company went bankrupt . the company suffered a loss of one billion yen last year . the company turned him down for no apparent reason . the company once again went into the red . it is beyond saving . the firm has built up a wide reputation for fair dealing . the company will hold a presentation of the new model tomorrow . the company will advertise its new product on television . the company has already established its fame as a robot manufacturing company . the company has cut a figure in the computer industry . the company has decided to employ two new secretaries . the company develops new products every other month . the company was established in 1950 by the incumbent chairman . the company is wholly owned by the local government . the company gave him a gold watch in acknowledgement of his services . the company's profit amounted to $250 million before tax . the staff at the company tried to cover up the truth , but soon it came to light . the strength of the firm is attributed to its future - oriented strategy . the rapid growth of the firm was attributed to its unique strategy . the big promotion of that company's stock was just a cover - up to hide their impending bankruptcy . the company's financial year runs from april until march of the following year . only members of the company are entitled to use the facilities . he had not been employed by the company three years before he become a director . it has been unofficially decided that i will be employed by the company .
eng	 the company has hard and fast rules against lateness . the company is open for equity participation by anybody . millions of dollars have been spent trying to shore up the company . every man and woman in the company is well trained . the " retired " president of that company runs the whole show from behind the scenes , so the current president is nothing but a figurehead . the meeting will be held next week at the earliest . those present at the meeting were surprised at the news . only one third of the members turned up at the meeting . it is desirable that you should attend the meeting . at the meeting he said a lot , but his argument did not hold water . the first speech was given at the convention by none other than clint eastwood , the famous actor . we adjourned the meeting until the following friday . the meeting was called off as there was no hope of agreement on either side . the conference was scheduled for march , but it has been put off till april . the meeting will be held at 10 : 30 a . m . on saturday . the meeting can't be held until monday at earliest . that party was held under the auspices of the foreign ministry . they are going to exhibit many famous old paintings at the gallery . the painter went to paris with the object of studying painting . the artist has an individualistic style of painting . there is a rumor that the radicals are plotting against the government . the fire was brought about by children's playing with matches . not all the houses around here were burned down in the fire . the volcano erupted suddenly , killing many people . the singer is famous not only in japan but also in europe . the singer , who is from okinawa , is very popular among young people . the singer fought his way through the crowd of fans . when the singer appeared on stage , the audience gave him the bronx cheer , because he dumped his wife for another woman . there was hardly anyone who didn't laugh when the singer fell off the stage . the fruit is similar to an orange in shape and to a pineapple in taste . the scientist searched for the bones of the dinosaurs in the valley . the scientist gave a lecture on the structure of the universe . the scientist explained the strange phenomena in the light of recent scientific knowledge . losing their breadwinner was a shock to that family , but the insurance money helps a lot . it is very important to consider the cultural background of the family . you had better go over the house before you take it . we went over the house before deciding whether to buy it . we went over the house thoroughly before buying it . as the house has a southern aspect , it is very sunny . the house is too big for us , and what is more , it is too expensive . the house is screened from view with a high fence . the house is opposite the church . you can't miss it . the house looks circular , but it isn't a complete circle . the house is too small for five people to live in . it seemed that that house was small if it was compared with the cottage which he lived in even recently .
eng	 they think the owner of the house is studying abroad . the cost of the house was figured out at fifty pounds . when the house caught fire , an awful feeling came over me . the hypothesis is based on the thorough experiments . the musician began to play the violin on the stage . the musician is enjoying great popularity both in japan and in america . the musician is famous abroad as well as in japan . the music is difficult for grownups to understand . the noise was so loud that it was a nuisance to the neighbors . the sound was annoying but harmless to the human body . the timid soldier was tormented by terrible nightmares . the building whose roof you can see over there is our church . the dirty boy turned out to be a prince in disguise . we encountered a lot of difficulties on the expedition . no sooner had the monkey caught sight of him than it jumped up to his shoulders . the performance got get terrific applause from the audience . the station is almost empty during what would normally be the afternoon rush . so far no less than 100 people have died of the plague . its sharp claws began to open and close , open and close . the english scholar is not conscious of his lack of common sense . go along this street , and you'll find the movie theater . the director used his power to arrange a special place in the cinema world . if the film is on at your place , do go and see it . the movie was much more enjoyable than hemingway is . the film made us laugh , but it was not really exciting to watch . the movie is worth seeing at least two or three times . i've seen the film many times , but i'd like to see it again . the film scooped up three awards at the cannes film festival . the movie star ate crow many times because of all the thoughtless things she said . their influence becomes greater every day , but they are uncreative and can't make value judgements . the salesman learned to be punctual for appointments . the movement added a new page to the history of japan . this movement had a great impact on the behavior of women . the driver really screwed up the team when he drove them to the wrong playing field in a different town . the space telescope will help us know the universe much better than before . the astronaut was slow to get used to the condition of weightlessness . the astronaut had to conduct many experiments in the space shuttle . the party was composed of six girls and four boys . the party had no sooner started than it began to rain . the family property was distributed among the relatives . the doctor would not take any gifts from the poor . the doctor made his patient relax before the operation . the doctor saved the four people injured in the accident . the doctor is a great authority on children's diseases . the doctor thinks carefully before deciding what medicine to give . the doctor just tells me when to take each medicine . the doctor knew how to cope with an emergency like this . we have to look into the disappearance of the doctor . the doctor did everything possible as a physician to save the life of the dying child ; he also gave his blood to help the child weather the storm .
eng	 the dead body was identified by a mole on the cheek . the committee was composed entirely of young teachers . the committee rejected the proposal on the ground that it was impractical . the committee consists of scientists and engineers . a prize was given in honor of the great scientist . he was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down . do you have any idea who we should single out for the position ? we had a dinner of a kind at the cheap restaurant . the robot does whatever its master tells it to do . when the rock singer appeared on the stage , the audience at the concert clapped loudly . finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible . the restaurant is a pleasant out - of - the - way spot in new york . that restaurant usually serves good food at lower prices . the restaurant stands at the junction of two superhighways . the food the restaurant offered us was so cold and salty that it was far from satisfying . the record concert is free of charge and is open to everyone . a new team was formed in order to take part in the race . the books which are on that list will be difficult to find in japan . choose from this list the things you'll need on your trip . i'll give you my typewriter in exchange for that radio . the yacht sailed all over the world by using the force of the wind . making such a large sale is a feather in the salesman's cap . it is dangerous to wield an edged tool in such a way . there is little , if any , of such distribution of control . it cannot plausibly be argued that behaviour of such complexity derives entirely from instinct . no one knows when such a custom came into existence . i feel nothing but contempt for such dishonest behavior . was it necessary to inflict such a punishment on him ? bear in mind that , under such circumstances , we have no alternative but to find another buyer . in such a case , you can always ask a question in return . in such a case , restraints in fiscal policy must be brought into play . there seems to be little agreement as to how to preserve the evidence in such cases . such magazines have a great influence on children . the severity of such marks can reveal whether or not any of these people were habitually engaged in hard labor . such international cooperation produced great results . people in such countries , especially the asean countries , believe that the secret of japan's remarkable economic growth is education . such conduct would subject the offender to a heavy penalty . you may as well leave such a decision to your daughter . such an economic program will help the rich at the expense of the poor . although he was in such circumstances , he made his way by himself . it is fortunate that you should have such a good friend . do you think something like that will repeat itself ? see to it that such a thing does not happen again . the gangsters let him in on their plan to knock off a rival gang leader . he offered his congratulations on the happy occasion . it cost him ten dollars to get the ticket for the musical .
eng	 one hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race . the volunteer group provided the villagers with water . the activities of the volunteer group covered half a century . i couldn't bring myself to see the horror movie again . there is little , if any , wine left in the bottle . standing as it does on the hill the hotel commands a fine view . it is admitted that the hotel is the best in this area . the hotel has a swimming pool , tennis courts and the like . if you want a hotel , look , it's just down there . the position carries with it an attractive salary . the boxing match was completely one - sided , one pug was so badly mauled that his manager had to throw in the sponge . the bout turned out rough and neither boxer was going to win hands down . the boxer finally recovered consciousness , ten minutes after he had been knocked out . the boxer said he would knock down his opponent in the first round . the hall was so large as to hold more than 1 , 000 people . the sign on the board put me in mind of something i had to do . is it possible to acquire the bestseller in the bookstore in akita ? the project is well - planned and interesting , but its immediate impact on the bottom line is not considered substantial . jason , who was in charge of the project , was dismissed for corruption . the cost of financing of the project was very high . the program should have started by now , so we'll probably miss the first half . those grapes look sweet , but in fact they're sour . the two brothers resemble each other so much that i can hardly distinguish one from the other . there exists an enormous difference between the two theories . the twin girls are so much alike that i can't tell one from the other . the building was totally destroyed by the earthquake . the buildings are small in comparison with the skyscrapers in new york . the building is to be fifteen stories high , and built to resist earthquakes . the construction of the building will be started next year . i managed to find a parking place right in front of the building . if those biscuits are going begging , i'll have them . the piano was made of beautiful , dark brown wood . mary claimed that the handbag had been a present from her husband . it seems the volleyball player will be punished for being late for the game . that one spring carries the whole weight of the car . when you wash the bag , please do not put it in the washing machine . at the bus stop , people waited in orderly lines , but as soon as the bus pulled up , the line broke up . the bus transports passengers from the hotel to the airport . i didn't take that bus , so i'm not at home right now . the pipe conveys water from the lake to the factory . the hijacker demanded a ransom of two million dollars . he gave me some excuse for not attending the party . she was the last woman that i expected to see at the party . his behavior at the party was so humorous that i could not help laughing . there was not enough wine to go round at the party . there was enough food at the party for everyone to have some .
eng	 as soon as she heard the news , she began to weep . i could not but feel disappointed at hearing the news . nicole was beside herself with grief when she heard the news . when i heard the news on the radio , a chill ran down my spine . the news was about my company , so it struck close to home . it is not to be denied but that the news was a great shock to her . the smell brought back memories of a night some years before . put that knife where the children can't get at it . it takes us five minutes to walk through the tunnel . the tunnel caved in because of the earthquake the other day . the dress is too expensive . can't you sweeten the deal a little ? the load of the truck was in excess of three tons . it took several hours to clear the mess left from the wreck of the truck and several cars . then they played jump the daisies and run through the clover . then they picked dandelions and put them in their ears . just then his boss came in and cut him down to size . i was not conscious what in fact i was doing then . if i had been able to speak english then , i would not have been made fun of . then they played " ring - a - ring - a - rosy " until they were tired and thirsty . the television show was interrupted by a special news report . new problems are often brought up on that tv programme . the manufacturer of the television set is a japanese company . the drama on tv was so popular that it stirred up people's interest in the period . nearly a thousand people participated in the demonstration . the department store is always packed with customers . there is a bookstore in front of the department store . the result of the test brought home to me how little i had learned . in my anxiety to pass the test , i studied all night . for this design house it was an appropriate strategy to introduce even more radical colors into computer production . the team won the semifinals and advanced to the finals . that team has never played as well as they played today . and thus his attention was distracted from the sight . there used to be a village here before the dam was made . thanks to the taxi driver , we had a very wonderful time in london . the goal of the center should be to train young people from other countries within a specific time period . the space shuttles were designed to go to a space station . the speeding car missed the child , who ran out into the road , by only a hairsbreadth . i was able to grasp the main points of the speech . no sooner had the spy returned home than he was told to go to another country . that scandal will be known to everybody in the course of time . the scandal robbed him of a chance to become president . we have a wide choice of fruits at the supermarket . the serious job shortage is also affecting those illegal foreign workers . the show will be a great feature of tonight's program . the rest of the show was not particularly distinguished . the audience was very much entertained by the show . wash the shirt in soapy water and the stains will come out . the journalist took liberties with the facts he had gathered .
