eng	to purchase a ticket , you need to enter your personal details .
eng	without a moment's hesitation , they took drastic action against the conspiracy .
eng	even if there is a convention , i shouldn't ask them for so much money .
eng	were the sun to rise in the west , she would not change her resolution .
eng	a good many people have told me to take a holiday .
eng	most students do the sights of kyoto on their school excursion .
eng	the young man must have felt very desperate when he resorted to such a terrible act .
eng	since then he had put his whole soul into his work .
eng	it had the head of a woman , the body of a lion , the wings of a bird , and the tail of a serpent .
eng	you establish the property right by paying for it .
eng	after eight months , he eventually started dating girls again .
eng	the old man retired from public life ten years ago .
eng	the night was so chilly that when i returned i was almost frozen .
eng	i tried to read through the book , which i found impossible .
eng	the lawyer said he would speak on behalf of mr . smith .
eng	the hospital was barred from doing business for three years .
eng	that year's buzzword was digital : digital clocks , digital microwave ovens , even digital pens .
eng	there are still some savage tribes on that island .
eng	if that city were a color , it would be a color with a quiet sort of dignity . . . wine red , say .
eng	the man attacked her with the intention of killing her .
eng	three - fourths of the town was destroyed by the typhoon .
eng	even the experts took the painting for a genuine rembrandt .
eng	one king after another succeeded to the throne during those few years .
eng	the new hotel invited suggestions from the guests .
eng	the boy could not keep up with activities in school .
eng	the actress seems to have walked through her part .
eng	i do not remember seeing the letter , but perhaps i read it .
eng	the dictionary is useful and , what is more , not expensive .
eng	several thousand people were deprived of transportation by the accident .
eng	when the kid wanted the latest playstation software , he acted like a spoiled child .
eng	that magazine article exposed his devilish acts to the full light of day .
eng	the development of the country is falling behind that of japan .
eng	there are no less than two hundred trees in the park .
eng	the architect boasted that he had received a prestigious award .
eng	the chief clerk is not a hardworking man , but gets ahead rapidly because he knows how to curry favor with his superiors .
eng	the machine has been out of order since last month .
eng	that picture doesn't seem ugly to me ; on the contrary , i think it's rather beautiful .
eng	he got into the habit of smoking soon after he got a job in the company .
eng	my house , which i bought ten years ago , still looks new .
eng	the doctor is trying to solve many of the riddles of cancer .
eng	without the error , our team could have won the game .
eng	everyone was dressed in a beautiful kimono at the party .
