eng	he would still be alive had he refused to go to the battlefield then .
eng	it would be splendid if we could go there , wouldn't it ?
eng	if it were not for air and water , nothing alive would exist .
eng	with a little more patience , you would have succeeded .
eng	if you come this way by any chance , drop in to see me .
eng	it's out of stock , but i can give you a rain check .
eng	set your translation against the original once again .
eng	it's already eleven o'clock . i must be leaving now .
eng	mary has as attractive a personality as her sister .
eng	the mississippi river flows into the gulf of mexico .
eng	he felt for his matches and found them in his back pocket .
eng	to begin with , the funds are not sufficient for running a grocery .
eng	mike earns no less than three hundred dollars a day .
eng	professor white published his first book last year .
eng	the most instinctive act of nearly every creature is to protect its young , and with humans , this response persists for a lifetime .
eng	there being nothing else to do , we went for a drive .
eng	ben decided to tell the lawyer everything he knew .
eng	you need to reverse your vest , it's back to front .
eng	seeing as she can speak french fluently , she may have studied in france .
eng	pigs share certain characteristics with human beings .
eng	bill is 20 minutes late . he must have gotten lost somewhere .
eng	whoever the pitcher may be , he will not be able to strike out our best hitter .
eng	in hawaii , one can swim in the ocean all year round .
eng	i saw flashing red lights in my rear - view mirror and my heart sank .
eng	since the bus had been delayed , we had a long wait in the rain .
eng	i've mistakenly deleted the party information and registration you sent to me .
eng	his wet coat was evidence that he had been outside .
eng	i just said so without thinking much about it . i didn't mean anything serious .
eng	there's nothing to do , so i may as well watch television .
eng	whatever excuses he may make , i cannot forgive him .
eng	no matter how he tried , he could not open the door .
eng	tom has always performed well in every job he has had .
eng	when tom told chris he didn't like her scarf , she got rid of it .
eng	donald doesn't like people who speak ill of others .
eng	whichever way you may take , you can get to the station .
eng	sometimes the boys would play a joke on the teacher .
eng	i can't for the life of me remember her phone number .
eng	it was careless of you to leave the door unlocked .
eng	speaking of television , what is your favorite show nowadays ?
eng	therefore , we try to persuade people not to have cash , to have money electronically transferred .
eng	deal is in the southeast of england , about 110 kilometers away from london .
eng	the chimpanzee is an intelligent creature , capable of solving simple problems .
