eng	should any political party attempt to abolish social security , unemployment insurance , and eliminate labor laws and farm programs , you would not hear of that party again in our political history . there is a tiny splinter group , of course , that believes you can do these things . among them are h . l . hunt ( you possibly know his background ) , a few other texas oil millionaires , and an occasional politician or business man from other areas . their number is negligible and they are stupid .
eng	now it is true that i believe this country is following a dangerous trend when it permits too great a degree of centralization of governmental functions . i oppose this — in some instances the fight is a rather desperate one . but to attain any success it is quite clear that the federal government cannot avoid or escape responsibilities which the mass of the people firmly believe should be undertaken by it . the political processes of our country are such that if a rule of reason is not applied in this effort , we will lose everything — even to a possible and drastic change in the constitution . this is what i mean by my constant insistence upon " moderation " in government .
eng	there is no reason why in a society which has reached the general level of wealth which ours has attained the first kind of security should not be guaranteed to all without endangering general freedom . ( . . . ) there can be no doubt that some minimum of food , shelter and clothing , sufficient to preserve health and the capacity to work , can be assured to everybody .
eng	a democrat is , at the end of the day , one who admits that an opponent can be right , and therefore lets them express themselves and allows for reflection upon their arguments . when parties or men feel sufficiently persuaded by their own arguments that they allow the silencing of those that contradict them by means of violence , that isn't democracy .
eng	at the moment , normal users cannot delete sentences , only corpus maintainers can . we will someday add the possibility for users to delete their own sentences , but in the meantime , if you want to have a sentence deleted , add a comment on the sentence asking for deletion and explain why you'd like to delete it .
eng	here , you have translated from the sentence in < the language you have translated from > and you created a link to that one . i think this is the sentence in < the language you want to translate from > that you wanted to translate . to do this , you must first click on the sentence in < the language you want to translate from > before clicking on the translation button . the sentence that you are translating must always stand on top of the pile ( in the largest typeface ) and it is the only one visible at the time you're editing your translation , and that is on purpose to avoid influence on your translation , as in tatoeba , sentences are linked by twos , not as blocks , since a sentence may have several different translations in the same language !
eng	a boy having sold a cow at the fair at hereford , was way - laid by a highwayman , who at a convenient place demanded the money ; on this the boy took to his heels and ran away but being overtaken by the highwayman , who dismounted , he pulled the money out of his pocket and strewed it about , and while the highwayman was picking it up , the boy jumped upon the horse and rode home .
eng	after many years of meditation , i have come to the conclusion that for every person , the meaning of life consists precisely in this : to find the meaning of life . i am talking about a unique , specific meaning for the individual life . all of us are unique individuals . and all of us carry a potential inside of ourselves for finding and accomplishing a unique mission in our lives .
eng	when an english speaker realises that a foreign person they are speaking to doesn't understand one of their sentences , they repeat it , the same way , but louder , as though the person were deaf . at no point does it come to their mind that their vocabulary might be complicated or that their expression might most probably be ambiguous to a foreigner and that they could reword it in a simpler way . the result is that not only does the person still not understand , but they get irritated at being considered deaf .
eng	the franconian guest is entitled to be a little jealous when coming to the traditional holiday residence of high society and the chosen homeland of rich pensioners , smelling the fragrant scents of the whole world at the flower market and walking past the belle époque façades of famous noble hotels .
eng	it is true that aristotle distinguishes the tyrant from the king by the fact that the former governs in his own interest , and the latter only for the good of his subjects ; but it would follow from aristotle's distinction that , from the very beginning of the world , there has not yet been a single king .
eng	bernard of chartres used to say that we are like dwarfs on the shoulders of giants , so that we can see more than they , and things at a greater distance , not by virtue of any sharpness of sight on our part , or any physical distinction , but because we are carried high and raised up by their giant size .
eng	thanks for understanding the drama of my homeland , which is , like pablo neruda would say , a silent vietnam ; there are no occupying troops , nor powerful planes clouding the clean skies of my land , but we're under financial blockade , we have no credit , we can't buy spare parts , we have no means to buy food and we need medicine . . .
eng	then , this child of fourteen years learned , as in a homework , that which we hide to maidens until their wedding night . she flipped through the drawings of the anatomy book , those superb drawings of a bloody reality . she paused upon each organ , understanding the most secret of them , those upon which is built the shame of men and women .
eng	every gun that is made , every warship launched , every rocket fired signifies , in the final sense , a theft from those who hunger and are not fed , those who are cold and not clothed . this world in arms is not spending money alone . it is spending the sweat of its laborers , the genius of its scientists , the hopes of its children .
eng	there is no such thing , at this stage of the world’s history in the united states , as an independent press . you know it and i know it . there is not one of you who dare write your honest opinions , and if you did , you know beforehand that it would never appear in print . i am paid weekly for keeping my honest opinions out of the paper i am connected with . others of you are paid similar salaries for similar things , and any of you who would be foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on the streets looking for another job . if i allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my papers , before twenty - four hours my occupation would be gone . the business of the journalist is to destroy the truth , to lie outright , to pervert , to vilify , to fawn at the feet of mammon , and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread . you know it and i know it , and what folly is this toasting an independent press ? we are the jumping jacks , they pull the strings and we dance . our talents , our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men . we are intellectual prostitutes .
eng	forty - four us americans have now taken the presidential oath . the words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace . yet , every so often , the oath is taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms . at these moments , america has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office , but because we the people have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebearers , and true to our founding documents .
eng	i have come here to seek a new beginning between the united states and muslims around the world ; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect ; and one based upon the truth that the united states and islam are not exclusive , and need not be in competition . instead , they overlap , and share common principles – principles of justice and progress ; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings .
eng	to all those who have wondered if the beacon of the united states still burns as bright : tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth , but from the enduring power of our ideals : democracy , liberty , opportunity and unyielding hope .
eng	a little bit earlier this evening , i received an extraordinarily gracious call from senator mccain . senator mccain fought long and hard in this campaign . and he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves . he has endured sacrifices for the united states that most of us cannot begin to imagine . we are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader .
eng	but i will always be honest with you about the challenges we face . i will listen to you , especially when we disagree . and above all , i will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation , the only way it's been done in the united states for 221 years ; block by block , brick by brick , calloused hand by calloused hand .
eng	to those who seek peace and security . we support you . and to all those who have wondered if the beacon of the united states still burns as bright , tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth , but from the enduring power of our ideals : democracy , liberty , opportunity and unyielding hope .
eng	what has always united us , what has always encouraged our people , what draws immigrants to america's shores - - is an ideology that talks about aspirations shared by all people : that we should be able to live without fear , that we can to talk to or meet anyone , that we vote and choose a religion as we please .
eng	chicken tikka massala is now a true british national dish , not only because it is the most popular , but because it is a perfect illustration of the way britain absorbs and adapts external influences . chicken tikka is an indian dish . the massala sauce was added to satisfy the desire of british people to have their meat served in gravy .
eng	zerrin süküt is a satanist girl . she cut a cat , and she's seventeen years old . i condemn all the animal killings . animals are our friends . but zerrin süküt has many haters from every country . we love all cats and dogs , simply all animals . i support all the haters of zerrin süküt . if you're an animal lover , like this page .
eng	man's unfailing capacity to believe what he prefers to be true rather than what the evidence shows to be likely and possible has always astounded me . we long for a caring universe which will save us from our childish mistakes , and in the face of mountains of evidence to the contrary we will pin all our hopes on the slimmest of doubts . god has not been proven not to exist , therefore he must exist .
eng	prudence , indeed , will dictate that governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes ; and accordingly all experience hath shewn , that mankind are more disposed to suffer , while evils are sufferable , than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed .
eng	alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank , and of having nothing to do : once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading , but it had no pictures or conversations in it , 'and what is the use of a book , ' thought alice 'without pictures or conversation ? '
eng	as i stood upon the bluff before my cottage on that clear cold night in the early part of march , 1886 , the noble hudson flowing like the grey and silent spectre of a dead river below me , i felt again the strange , compelling influence of the mighty god of war , my beloved mars , which for ten long and lonesome years i had implored with outstretched arms to carry me back to my lost love .
eng	if you calmly look at the reply you sent to an email , you'll find that it'll have " you " all over it . while you may use the pretext that you're just working with whatever information the addressee gave you , in the end it's just all about yourself . this is wrong . let's be a little more careful , shall we ?
eng	 " do you know what kind of tree you just broke ? " " no , i don't , " i answered the detective . while looking through the open door , the detective shouted , " hey , do you know what kind of tree he just broke ? " " um , looks like it's a yew plum pine , " said the voice of a young woman . after straightening himself in his seat , the detective asked me one more time : " do you know what kind of tree you just broke ? "
eng	the store that i always go to has calbee potato chips on sale for 98 yen a bag . my favorite flavor is lightly salted . as a matter of fact , the ingredients for this particular flavor changes from time to time . today's chips are chemical - free , made with natural salt . fitting for someone like me .
eng	fundamentally , you're not practicing anything by translating , so even if you say that you can't do it , once you've set your sights on a similar sentence you've seen before that is more natural yet does not quite convey the original sentence's nuances , translation proves to be an act that is quite addicting .
eng	you say that you're afraid of being disliked by other people , but you have some people that you dislike yourself , don't you ? arithmetically speaking , there are an equal number of people who you don't like that don't like you back . i'm not saying that if you end your dislike of someone , someone else will stop disliking you as well ; it's just that you can't change the fact that if you dislike someone , then someone else dislikes you as well . your life will go much smoother if you just give up and accept that truth .
eng	the sum of the ignorance of the republican candidates in the primaries for the u . s . presidential election is simply mind - boggling : one is afraid that china will obtain nuclear weapons , which they have had for 44 years , and the other proposes to close the u . s . embassy in iran , which has been closed for 32 years . . . such stupidity at the head of the world's most powerful country gives one the shivers !
eng	after countless calls to the radio and countless newspaper ads in several consecutive days , people flocked to the festival . there are devoured tons of hamburgers that were offered there in abundance , and drunk liters of beer . as a result was a large number of drunks and thus , massive work for the legions of attending paramedics who had already acquired a huge experience of such mass gatherings at countless other parties .
eng	legitimate software applications from leading vendors are carrying an additional unwanted load . together with their application , some of them change various browser settings as if your browser is theirs . did you know that avg , icq , jookz , babylon , zonealarm , incredimail just to name a few , tweak your homepage , default search and other settings ?
eng	many people , especially ignorant people want to punish you for speaking the truth , for being correct , for being you . never appologize for being correct or for being years ahead of your time . if you’re right and you know it , speak your mind . even if you are a minority of one , the truth is still the truth .
eng	why , of course , the people don't want war . why would some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best that he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece . naturally , the common people don't want war ; neither in russia nor in england nor in america , nor for that matter in germany . that is understood .
eng	in the name of the brazilian president , luiz inacio lula de silva , claudio soarez rocha expressed admiration for the continuing effort which esperanto - speaking people throughout the world are always making , for the greater spread of esperanto . he wrote , amongst other things , " we know that in the history of mankind , there have been languages that have become intrusive as a result of political power , such as latin , or to a certain extent french and lately , english . we very much wish , in fact , that one day esperanto could be accepted by the majority of the nations , as a language adopted to facilitate communication without linguistic privileges . "
eng	when i was in middle school , i had a friend in the track club who normally studied 3 hours a day . he didn't speed up the pace before tests . on the contrary , he didn't have any club activities and so had lot of free time , so before the test we would go to his house and play video games every day . if we hadn't done that , i would have gotten better grades too .
eng	it was charming to see how these girls danced . they had no spectators but the apple - pickers on the ladders . they were very glad to please them , but they danced to please themselves ( or at least you would have supposed so ) ; and you could no more help admiring , than they could help dancing . how they did dance !
