eng	 he's a pretty unique guy wearing bell bottoms and hawaiian shirts to the office . his official title at the company is assistant to the president . his career prospects at the company are not too promising . when the company refused to increase their wages , they walked out . we insist that a meeting be held as soon as possible . we will let you know the time and date of the meeting soon . the date and place of the meeting have been fixed . a bookkeeper computes all the company's income and expenses each week . when the accountant was arrested , rumour had it that it was for his creative bookkeeping . my stomach started growling right there in the meeting . it was embarrassing . please let me know immediately if you would like to set up an area of the conference room for your products . how do you account for your absence from the meeting ? the conference is to be held in tokyo the day after tomorrow . the meeting will be held regardless of the weather . the meeting was adjourned until the following week . the meeting will be postponed till the 20th of this month . it has been agreed that the meeting will be held on friday . it was announced that the meeting would be put off . meetings are to be held on the afternoon of july 15 ( tuesday ) , all day july 16 ( wednesday ) , and the morning of july 17 ( thursday ) . the meeting will begin at 6 : 00 and dinner will be served at 7 : 00 . the council began at 9 : 00 and should be finished by 10 : 45 . guess what the managing director started off the meeting by saying . the first thing out of his mouth was an announcement of some major restructuring . at the meeting he monopolized the discussion and completely disrupted the proceeding . it would help us if you would reserve the following hotel during our conference . taking notes at each meeting is one of the official duties . only a few people showed up on time for the meeting . you have to raise your hand if you want to speak at the meeting . when kawazoe pinned me down at the meeting , i broke out in a cold sweat . i was asked to put away all the papers we used at the meeting . her absence went unnoticed until the end of the meeting . after the meeting she headed straight to her desk . the attendance at the party was larger than had been expected . you do not really understand a man till you have met him . it's not until you have met him that you really understand a man . it was around eight last night when the meeting broke up . when we were on the brink of starvation , they saved our lives . come closer in order that you may see the screen better . please advise us , if possible , of a company which has developed image processing software . a painter only becomes a true painter by practicing his craft . our company has annual sales of a thousand million yen . we spent the afternoon fooling around on the beach . were you just pulling my leg when you said we were all going to get extra bonuses ? we helped each other to overcome the difficulties . we should cultivate our minds by reading good books .
eng	 it is important that we make plans in relation to anticipated changes . we use computers to solve problems and to put information in order . we will have to get over the feeling of helplessness . we must be able to discriminate between objects and situations . we see things differently , according to whether we are rich or poor . we're banking on you to provide all the money we need . we cannot distinguish her from her younger sister . we waited up for him until two o'clock and then finally went to bed . we thought their shop was a failure , but now they've gotten out from under and even expanded . we went to court when they refused to pay for the damage . we were greatly surprised at the news of his sudden death . we cannot speak too highly of his great achievements . we came to the conclusion that we should help him . we demanded that he explain to us why he was late . we are , in large measure , responsible for students' success in the entrance exam . we tend to think that our time is our own only on sundays and holidays . we must maintain the amicable relations between japan and the u . s . we should have taken the schedule into consideration . we lack an incentive for pursuing the eastern market . we postponed our picnic pending a change in the weather . we are faced with the alternative of resistance or slavery . every one of us is more or less interested in art . we were taught that world war ii broke out in 1939 . we will explore every planet that goes around the sun . we are exploring new sources , such as solar and atomic energy . we should make every effort to maintain world peace . we provided the flood victims with food and clothing . we found it very hard going back to our base camp in the blizzard . we shall continue our efforts to eradicate racial discrimination . we exchanged phone numbers at the end of the gathering . now that we are established in our new house we shall be glad to receive visitors . we are always aiming at improving the quality of service . we have to look the future straight in the eye and prepare to get through the coming crisis . we should strike a balance between our expenditure and income . there is nothing for it but to put off our departure . we negotiated with the president about our working hours . we're eating up a lot of time writing letters by hand . we agreed to refrain from smoking while we are at work . we have to transmit our culture to the next generation . we should read the newspaper so as not to lag behind the times . we must make a close analysis of the causes of the accident . we abandoned the project because of a lack of funds . we explored all possible ways of cutting expenditures . we left early so that we can catch the first train . we crawled like so many ants along the mountain pass . we were financially troubled , in short , we were bankrupt . we were greatly relieved to find that the worst dangers were over . we've been matched up with some strong teams this year . we are suffering from a severe water shortage this summer . even now , we still doubt that he is the real murderer .
eng	 we consider it the citizens' legitimate right to have public libraries . we bargained that we should go on a five - day week . we made a pact that we wouldn't abandon one another . we knocked at the door for five minutes , but in vain . we import raw materials and export the finished products . we made arrangements to meet at 6 p . m . on monday . we should not be influenced in our decisions by our prejudices . we were disappointed because we could not carry out our plan . we hope to come to an accord with them about arms reduction . the president says we must beef up our military forces . we are bored with the joke of professorial custom . we spent the major part of our holidays in the country . we hoped to have done with the work before the holidays . our views are in agreement with theirs as to the essential points . we are influenced both by environment and by heredity . we went early to make certain that we could get seats . we all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man . we must all take care to preserve our national heritage . all of us devoted ourselves to the development of our country . we all share the heartfelt wish that he and all the others will pass the admission examination . we are never so happy nor so unhappy as we imagine . we have come to an arrangement with the dealer about the price . we kept on working for hours without eating anything . we didn't help him , so he did it off his own bat . we painted the house once , then we went over it again . ever since we've been wearing clothes , we haven't known one another . we must instill patriotism into the young people of today . we went together to laramie , and there we parted . we won hands down , because the other players were weak . we almost broke our necks trying to meet the quota . we finally decided to give him over to the police . we depended on the newspapers for information about it . we bedded down at the roadside park for the night . we must look at the problem from a global point of view . we have discussed the problem several times but to no avail . we would play baseball after school in those days . we have established friendly relations with the new government of that country . we gathered all the books together and put them in the spare room . we have to abolish all nuclear weapons , because they are deadly to mankind . after much debate , we decided to spend our holidays in spain . we talked over jack's plan to put in air conditioning , but could not come to a decision . we often fail to realize the extent to which we depend on others . we must think about these plans in terms of what they would cost . we were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay . we've come to the conclusion that this is a true story . we should approach this problem from different angles . we have to somehow come through this troublesome situation . we use gestures as well as words to communicate with others . we kept track of all our expenses while we were in australia . we must go forward getting the better of all obstacles .
eng	 how lucky we are to have had the opportunity to work with you ! we expect you to carry out what you have once promised . we arrived at an agreement after two hours' discussion . in everyday life we have many obligations and responsibilities . we will not tolerate anyone who engages in terrorism . we know that just being born with a good mind is not enough . newspapers , magazines , and newscasts tell what is going on in the world . it is not until we lose our health that we realize the value of it . more than ever do we need goals or leading ideas that will give purpose to whatever we are doing . we'll finish the work even if it takes us all day . we insist that this project be carried out immediately . the purpose of our trip is to visit a new factory . cars are running one after another before our eyes . our insurance policy covers various kinds of damages . in our culture , we can't be married to two women at once . in our culture , a man is allowed to be married to only one wife at a time . i have a strong conviction that our judgement was right . our bodies are our gardens , to which our wills are gardeners . even our brains are all subject to the laws of physics . there are none of us who do not respect his honesty . our representative argued against the new tax plan . only a handful of activists are articulate in our union . our success depends on whether he helps us or not . our success depends upon whether you will help us or not . our car was fast and soon got ahead of the other cars . our public leaders are imaginative and often come up with new ideas . our experiment has revealed that his report was unreliable . our experiment has revealed that his report was inaccurate . i have a high regard for the integrity of our mayor . the success of our business depends on the weather . our top priority is to settle this dispute once and for all , so we are ready to meet them halfway . far from being a failure , our negotiation was a great success . i will help you for the sake of our old friendship . our calculations show that the rocket is off its course . we must adapt our plan to these new circumstances . the problem with our plan is not so much the cost as it is the time required . completely surrounded by our troops , the enemy finally surrendered to us . the very air we breathe is polluted with smog from the factory chimneys . it's clear that our arguments don't overlap at all . from our point of view , his proposal is reasonable . our school prohibits us from going to the movies alone . our diplomacy and strategy ran in clear contradiction to each other . in our interpretation , the output data in table 2 is an acceptable variation of that in table 1 . our company needs someone who is at home in advanced technology . our company failed to survive against cutthroat competition . it took quite a while to sort out all our luggage . our earnings are in proportion to our real ability . it is very hard to get rid of cockroaches from our house . since neither one of us could afford to take the other to the movies , we went dutch .
eng	 it was apparent to everybody that our team was stronger . our soccer team beat all the other teams in the town . initially we had some problems with our computer system , but they've been sorted out now . our club is affiliated with an international organization . more than one student studies french in our class . no other boy in our class is more studious than jack . when our class performed a play , i took charge of stage effects . some members agree with us , some don't , and others haven't expressed their opinions . the god who gave us life , gave us liberty at the same time . we had an implicit agreement that we would support each other . we germans fear god , but nothing else in the world . our departure tomorrow is contingent on fair weather . to our great surprise , she held her breath for three minutes . we were unable to make contact with them until it was too late . the church we went past crumbled five minutes later due to a huge earthquake , and more than a hundred churchgoers were buried alive . it will be little more than a hundred years before we use all the oil up . we were having a quiet supper when out of the blue my mother announced she was going back to school . we know the truth , not only by reason , but also at heart . i hope the weather clears up before we have to leave . if we hang tight , i'm sure we can make it through these bad times . as we went around the corner , the lake came into view . our train had already pulled out when we arrived at the station . the day will soon come when we will conquer space and travel to the moon . let us stop to think how much we depend upon atomic energy . to our great disappointment , the game was called off . it will be very important whether we win the battle or not . it takes us thirty minutes to walk from here to the station . it is not important whether we win the game or not . we own a few hundred acres between the three of us . our travel advice center caters to the independent traveler . the leader of our party met with the other leaders and talked about the problem . our party finally had a candidate we could put forward with pride . our company is going to be left behind too if we don't create an environment in which we can get instant internet access . our company had the fortieth anniversary of its foundation . we export various kinds of computers all over the globe . the future of our company is at stake . we have been heavily in the red for the last couple of years . this new product of ours is a serious blow to our rival company . skim through this pamphlet before you take the examination for our company . our company's agent in rio will meet you at the airport . parents who beat their children really make my blood boil . we have to defend our country from the foreign aggression . we must promote commerce with neighboring countries . the youth of our country is apathetic about politics . our trading companies do business all over the world . our troops were constantly attacked by the guerrillas . the house isn't huge and it's on about two - thirds of an acre , and when we first bought it i spent several hours every week getting the lawnmower fixed and cutting the lawn , in that order .
eng	 what with overwork and lack of nourishment , he became very ill . what with fatigue and lack of sleep , he has fallen ill at last . what with overwork and lack of sleep , she has lost her health . the word 'excessive competition' is frequently used in japanese industry , but there is not a precise definition of the practice . eating too much fat is supposed to cause heart disease . the doctor advised me to leave off jogging because it was excessive exercise . too much drinking may be hazardous to your health . we have experienced many changes over the last decade . in a past - oriented society , people dwell on the past and on tradition . it is considered impossible to travel back to the past . we can know the past , but the future we can only feel . my past indiscretions are coming back to haunt me . stop clinging to your glory days , or you'll be left behind . in the past , fletcher fuel was approached by japanese companies . in the past , the old used to be looked upon as experts in solving various problems of life . our policy is to build for the future , not the past . although cfit accounted for just over a third of crashes in the past six years , it caused 53% of the deaths . we haven't had a price increase in the last five years . prices have risen by 50 percent during the past ten years . it is without justification that money has been called one of the greatest inventions of man . after some freight cars were derailed , services were suspended on the chuo line . i heard the manager's wife is on vacation . and , well , when the cat's away , the mice play . now he's out partying every night . as soon as our manager got off our backs , everything started to go off without a hitch . the scores are low because the task is cognitively demanding . it is often said that sweets are bad for your teeth . the load was too heavy for a driver to carry alone . in case the shipment is delayed , we have special delay insurance . company a is trying to play us off against company b in a severe price - war . the vase fell from the table and crashed to pieces . hanako made the final payment on her car , and felt very satisfied . it was clear that hanako did not wish to marry taro . hanako seems quiet , but she also get things done when it's necessary . hanako has attended an american college for four years . hanako came all the way from hokkaido in order to see her father . hanako turned out to be a surprisingly nice person . i can't wait for spring to come so we can sit under the cherry trees . she was all the more beautiful dressed in her wedding costume . the bride came into the room with lowered eyes and with everyone staring at her . the bride came into the room , with everyone staring at her . the bride's father showed up late for the wedding ceremony . a loaf of bread is better than the songs of birds . the blossoms expand under the influence of the weather . the flowers are beginning to grow and everything is becoming green . they are dancing , intoxicated with the beauty of cherry blossoms .
eng	 i need not have watered the flowers . just after i finished , it stared raining . finishing the job by tuesday will be a piece of cake . the phone number for the thursday evening phone conference is 415 - 904 - 8873 . the plan announced tuesday calls for $54 billion in tax cuts . allan works on tuesday and friday nights at the konbini . mars is all the more interesting for its close resemblance to our earth . mars is a promising place where we may be able to live . he contends that primitive life once existed on mars . their plot to start a fire was discovered by the police . it transpired that fire was caused by a careless smoker . the fire went on for some time before it was brought under control . the fire was put out at the cost of a fireman's life . in case of fire , break the glass and push the red button . there is not much doubt about the cause of the fire . always keep a bucket of water handy , in case of fire . the family had been sleeping for about two hours when the fire broke out . my mother happened to be there when the fire broke out . the surface of the earth rose due to the volcanic activity . the company faced a major interruption in business when a fire destroyed their archive of computer hard drives and optical discs . it was as clear as day that shinji would die from hunger . the fire burned brightly , giving forth a comforting warmth . the fire had spread to the next building before the firemen came . fanned by the strong wind , the flames spread in all directions . the house did not suffer much damage because the fire was quickly put out . making use of fire may be regarded as man's greatest invention . her cheeks were tinged with red by the warmth of fire . no one can deny the fact that there is no smoke without fire . as he had no way of making fire , he ate the fish raw . immediately after it caught fire , the chemical factory blew up . the mere idea of swimming across the river made me tremble . in kabuki not only talent but also heredity counts . as singers go , she is among the best in the country . the girl who i thought was a singer proved to be a different person . the singers sang together in order to raise money to help people with aids . a poor singer , he doesn't like to sing in public . fruit trees require a large amount of space in which to grow . you'll have to attend the ceremony whether you are free or busy . scientific knowledge has greatly advanced since the 16th century . with every increase of scientific knowledge , man's power for evil is increased in the same proportion as his power for good . scientific research is not a mechanical routine , but a continuing struggle on the part of the scientist . scientific discoveries don't always make the world a better place . reading science fiction sometimes does much to encourage a scientific view of the universe . scientists have been discovering new drugs , so there is always hope for someone in a coma . scientists can easily compute the distance between planets . scientists have come up with many explanations for why the sky is blue .
eng	 the scientist insisted on proceeding with the research . a scientist had to know how to ask the correct question and to state it so clearly that the answer would be , in effect , a definite yes or no , not " maybe " . some scientists predict that the world oil reserves will be used up within a century . according to scientists , the atmosphere is getting warmer year after year . scientists say many factors bring about changes in weather . scientists will come up with new methods of increasing the world's food supply . scientists began to find answers to these questions . scientists are working hard to put an end to aids . scientists are fighting to stem the spread of the aids virus . as scientists keep insisting , there is neither good nor bad in any scientific discovery . technology is in itself meaningless unless it serves mankind . technology has failed to ease the conflict between man and nature . science and technology have come to pervade every aspect of our lives and , as a result , society is changing at a speed which is quite unprecedented . some people argue that technology has negative effects . i don't think that technology provides us with everything we need . science is far more than a collection of facts and methods . science has brought about many changes to our lives . science has brought about many changes in our lives . science is a good thing , but it is not an end in itself ; it is a means toward an end and that end is human betterment . science is the way to prepare for the 21st century . the aim of science is , as has often been said , to foresee , not to understand . the primary aim of science is to find truth , new truth . advances in science don't always benefit humanity . progress in science was often barred by convention . the progress of science has brought about great change in our lives . science and art must contribute to the promotion of human welfare . science as such is not interested in the value or worth of things . if science makes progress , we'll be able to solve such problems . as science makes progress , old ways give place to new . when science was less important than it is now , it was all very well to leave science to the scientists . my uncle's brother's son got involved in a shady business and disgraced the family . my wife often rings me up , while she travels abroad . my wife's part - time job brings in a little extra money . the spirit of patriotism has its source in the love of the family . a lot of problems derive from a lack of reading in the home . we tend to use more and more electric appliances in the home . unable to pay the rent , i asked him for assistance . our rent is four times as much as it was ten years ago . regarding the matter of house - rent , i have come to terms with him . it made my mother's day when all the family gathered and had a party . his whole family is like that . they're like peas in a pod . the family assimilated quickly into their new environment . family members should not compete against each other . the members of the family nursed the patient by turns .
eng	 i've always wanted to go to australia with my family . i had a hand in the family deciding to move to new york . if it were not for my family , i would give up this job . the landlord told him to leave because he hadn't paid his rent . the landlord won't permit him to paint the door red . the landlord told me a cock and bull story about why we didn't have heat for three days . if we pay the rent to the landlady , we won't have any money for food ; we are between the devil and the deep blue sea . more and more married couples share household chores . i had to do all the housework , but i wish i had gone to the movies or shopping . it's easier for me to have a job than to do housework . having finished all her housework , she sat down on the sofa to watch television . there are a lot of persons who try to buy a house . don't forget to turn off the gas before you leave the house . before you leave home , make sure your pets have enough food . i had no sooner left the house than it began to rain hard . i had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily . as soon as i left home , i came across her in the street . we have made numerous improvements to our house since we bought it . are we to remove our shoes before entering the house ? as soon as he got home , he began to play a computer game . it was not until i got home that i missed my watch . each house is within shouting distance of another . a house is built on top of a solid foundation of cement . we have two cats ; one is white , and the other is black . the house looked good ; moreover , the price was right . i think the only problem i have now is being shut in at home . when we have a family argument , my husband always sides with his mother instead of me . let's take a rest in the garden instead of indoors . the basements of the houses are likely to have problems . there was a traffic accident in front of the house yesterday . she regretted deeply when she looked back on her life . the household was already awake at 6 in the morning . to make our house payments , we're going to have to tighten our belts . after tying up loose ends on the house , the carpenter gave the painter approval to begin work . there are always some chores to be done about the house . the rise in house prices enabled him to sell his house at a big profit . the homeless sought shelter from the chilly shower . the homeless people were annoyed by the flies and mosquitoes . she scraped her shoes clean before she entered the house . it is our custom to take off our shoes when we enter the house . investing money in your home has some merit ; when it is time to sell it you can get more money . scarcely had i reached home before the telephone rang . when i got home , i found your letter waiting for me . it was not until i reached home that i missed my purse . it seemed strange that the door was open when i got home . he had been repairing the car and looked tired when i arrived home . please remember to post the letter on your way home . i would rather sit reading in the library than go home .
eng	 it wasn't until i got home that i missed my umbrella . there are more children's stories about the fear of being left home alone . there are 5 computers in the house , but 2 of them aren't any use . we have two dogs . one is black and the other is white . when i'm at home there's a lot of stuff to do ; i don't even have time to watch tv . if you take your shoes off before coming into the house you won't bring in any dirt from your shoes . houses should be built so as to admit plenty of light as well as fresh air . feeling the house shake , i ran out into the street . feeling the house shake , i ran out into the yard at the back of the house . as soon as he felt his house shake , he rushed out into the garden . several houses were carried away by the great flood . how long does it take to go to the office from your home ? how long does it take you to get here on foot from your home ? mother - in - law and daughter - in - law are a tempest and hailstorm . natsume soseki is one of the best writers in japan . i was away from home all through the summer vacation . i usually went to bed at ten during the summer vacation . i'm thinking of going to the states during the summer vacation . they visited us at the camp during summer vacation . what do you say to making a trip with me during the summer vacation ? the summer vacation has come to an end , and we will have to go back to school . summer vacation is near . can you think of a good place for the holidays ? we have five days to go before the summer vacation . during the summer vacation , i made friends with many villagers . i worked in a post office during the summer vacation . how much money was saved in preparation for the summer vacation ? i delighted in going to his farm during the summer vacation . tourists poured into karuizawa during the summer vacation . i'm just going to rest during the summer vacation . many young people go abroad during summer vacation . i'm looking forward to your visit during summer vacation . the extension of the summer vacation delighted the children . in summer meat easily goes bad ; you must keep it in the refrigerator . in summer it is essential to drink lots of water when we sweat . summer is the season when women look most beautiful . in late summer and autumn one can see the leaves change colour . there are more cars on the road in the summer than in the winter . my summer school dress is blue and white checkered . the store changed hands at the end of last summer . st mark's square in venice is always swarming with tourists in the summer . i have to write a paper of more than 10 pages for my summer homework . how often do you go swimming in the sea each summer ? we have much rain in summer but on the other hand we have little rain in winter . in summer , they used to play on the beach all day long . in the long summer days she sat in the sun and watched the trees cover themselves with leaves , and the white daisies cover the hill . when summer is over , the days grow shorter and shorter . in england , in the summer , the sun rises at about 4 a . m .
eng	 i want to go on a journey around the world if possible . i'd send my kid out on his own for a while if i were you . a few hard knocks at this point might do him some good . some member countries have been lax in abiding by g - 7 agreements . mr kato , who lives in paris , misses his family left at home . kato asked him many questions about the united states . it is difficult to relate to someone who has different values from you . if your prices are competitive , we will place a large order . observe his facial reaction when we mention a price . demand for imported cars is increasing due to lower prices . he emphasized that tens of thousands of people would come to that concert . there are several flowers . one is red , another is white , and the others are yellow . minutes or hours later dr . numata came in and felt sadako's forehead . millions of people can see more games than when they have to attend each one in person . hundreds of people were waiting outside the ticket office . hundreds of people called or wrote to the gorilla foundation . after a couple of drinks , the guy was feeling no pain . lately , i've been letting my english go . it seems i'll never improve at it , no matter how many years i study . for years the picture passed as a genuine rembrandt . i wonder if she will recognize me after all those years . some years ago , learning that one had tuberculosis amounted to hearing a sentence of death . years ago , she used to hang around with a bunch of bikers . you might have to eat those words a few years from now . how early do i have to make a reservation to qualify for the discount ? can you hike for days in the wilderness without seeing anyone ? if i've told you once , i've told you a thousand times . having heard it so many times , i can recite the poem by heart now . having failed many times , he never gave up the plan . having lost the game over and over again , he finally gave in . having visited rome many times , he knows about it well . many animals that lived thousands of years ago are now extinct . thousands of people were milling around in the square . thousands of americans have a hard time keeping the wolf from the door . as the centuries went by and england became more crowded , the people found their food supply a great problem . how many staff members filed to change departments ? how many people do you think have an ear for music ? some brave passengers caught the pickpocket and turned him over to the police . some people tried to dig the treasure out , but they couldn't . several people have been accused of breaking the law . some children brought peanut butter sandwiches , some ham , and others cheese . some of the boys are fishing and the others are swimming . dozens of young people attended the demonstration . dozens of houses were burned down in that big fire . she screamed with horror as someone took hold of her arm . after being frightened for many hours , her mother finally saved her . i have tried for hours to remember where i put my keys , but it has completely escaped me .
eng	 can you please tell me what time the train leaves ? whatever we may undertake , diligence is important . whatever you're doing , starting off on the right foot is essential . keep in mind that there's no royal road to anything . should anything arise , she will be prepared for it . why am i shooting these guys , tell me , what have they done ? several cottages have been isolated by the flood water . having failed several times , he tried to do it again . what you're talking about is more important than how you say it . you have to read between the lines to get the most out of anything . you should make sure of the facts before you write something . no matter what he plays on the screen , tom looks great . i wonder what they have in store for us under the big top ? my view is different from his as to what should be done . and whatsoever ye do , do it heartily , as to the lord , and not unto men . no matter what you do , you must follow the correct order . you should make as much effort as possible in whatever you do . not knowing what to do , i called my mother for advice . my view was different from his as to what should be done . please telephone me when you have made up your mind what you want to do . i have a very vague idea of what you are talking about . reflect on your own motives when making a decision . because of some technical problem , a movie was shown in place of the announced program . what is most important is your strong will to master english . i love to jog more than anything else in the world . the one resource more precious than any other was land . you must , above all , be faithful to your friends . first of all , he is very worried about his daughter's health . it is no use your pretending that you know nothing . there's nothing to do , so i may as well go to bed . you can wear my scarf as long as you don't spill anything on it . before everything you should take better care of your health . what thought do you think had the biggest impact on the english in the middle ages ? what on earth do you want six copies of the same book for ? in fact , i'll even call george at the office and tell him he ought to come home and help out . let me have your suggestion as to what i am to say . boy , did she have egg on her face when she showed up at the formal party wearing blue jeans ! we must prevent the fire from reaching the gunpowder at any cost . i was determined to fulfill my duties at any cost . you should struggle very hard to make this program work . after all , their form of transport produces no pollution at all . it's to your advantage to learn everything you can . you can't hope to have your own way in everything . i'm sure people would live twice as long if they stopped getting themselves worked up over everything . i don't care what you say . it's not going to happen ! give me a break . if you have something to say , stop making faces and say it . because the store is so small , he has to wear many different hats , from accountant to stock boy . he says " want " when he wants something , and " no " when he does not .
eng	 time will pass quite quickly when you read something . whatever happens , i'll stick to my principles to the bitter end . he's given to going overboard every time he gets a new idea . if something goes wrong , you should attend to it at once . he did not understand what was in the way of his success in life . if something does happen , i'll just play it by ear . wire me at once , in case there should be an accident . i will be able to see you tomorrow unless something unexpected turns up . i think there has been some misunderstanding here . if you have something to say , say it now or pipe down . as soon as we find out anything , we will contact him . i had a feeling that something dreadful was happening . i have a feeling that something dreadful is going to happen . no matter what happens , i will never change my mind . he told me that whatever might happen , he was prepared for it . whatever happens , please remember i'll stand by you . had he known what was about to happen , he would have changed his plan . had they known what was about to happen , they would have changed their plans . you must persevere before you can accomplish anything great . you don't seem to understand how difficult it is for young people today to believe in something . to record something , they used knotted cords made of the wool of the llama or alpaca . if you say that you cannot help doing something , you mean you cannot prevent or avoid it . before buying anything , you had better ask yourself whether you cannot do without it . the doctors said he would never again be able to walk without some support . complaining about something is one way to adapt yourself to a new environment . i saw something very bright fly across the night sky . if there is anything you want , don't hesitate to ask me . be sure to get in touch with me , if there is anything i can do for you . don't you smell something burning in the next room ? it's no good waiting for something to happen ; you must take action at once . something happened and he couldn't keep his promise . i told her that if i could be of any use i would be glad to help . if you find an interesting book , please buy it for me . you should put something in your stomach before you go . press the red button if something strange happens . what are you laughing at ? it's a fact . no kidding ! i had a hunch something pleasant was going to happen . i will be glad , if i can be of any service to you . i am wondering if i could be of any service to you . please tell me what happened off the record , of course . if it were to rain tomorrow , the match would be postponed . if you were to win the lottery , what would you buy with the money ? were the earth to stop revolving , what do you suppose would happen ? if the sun were to rise in the west , i wouldn't change my mind . if i were to be born again , i would be a musician . if i were to tell you the truth , you would be surprised . if i should be late getting home , please don't wait up for me . if we were to live on the moon , how large would the earth look ?
eng	 even if i grant that what you say is true , it is no excuse . granted that you are right , we still have to persuade him first . if he wants to succeed at all , he must work harder . whatever is worth doing at all , is worth doing well . suppose that pigeons have something in their heads which can feel the power lines . if i were to tell you the whole truth , you would be amazed . if ufos were to attack the earth , what would become of us ? chemical products account for approximately two - thirds of our exports . chemical companies are waiting until everything dies down before reinvesting . i would like to consider the implications we can draw from the application of emmet's theory to chemistry . did you do your homework ? the meeting is only two days away . we wish to advise you of the following price reductions . simply follow the instructions below , and in no time you will be printing full color documents just as easily and quickly as black and white . the representative said he will put a brake on spending . the congressmen rammed the bill through committee . the musician shook his head and pushed his little piano away . a musician can appreciate small differences in sounds . who that understands music could say his playing was good ? i came to this country for the purpose of studying music . nobody is equal to this young woman in the field of music . musical talent can be developed if it's properly trained . who that understands music could say his playing is good ? with regards to music , he is one of the most famous critics . music and art can greatly contribute to the enjoyment of life . talking of music , what kind of music do you like ? in music or speaking , a pause is frequently used for dramatic effect . were it not for music , the world would be a dull place . if not for music , the world would be a dull place . don't make any noise or you'll scare the birds away . the noise grew fainter , till it was heard no more . the sound became fainter and fainter , till at last it disappeared . the thermometer is an instrument for measuring temperature . it is difficult to adapt oneself to sudden changes of temperature . many plants and crops grow here thanks to the mild climate . they say you should consult the past if you want to learn about the future . history has a lot to teach us . the wholesalers might try to back out of the deal . i guess i've reached the age where i have to dispense advice to my underlings . i will not be dictated to by some idiot in the personnel department . i'm not going to be pushed around by you or anyone else . i'm not talking to you ; i'm talking to the monkey . my job search is really going rough . i don't have any connections . if i were prime minister , i'd give clinton a good talking to . i have chubby fingers , so i can't use a small keyboard . i prefer cakes or candies to alcohol , but i do drink . i'd rather go by train . i have a license , but no real driving experience , so i'm not very sure of myself behind the wheel . lady otohime gave urashima taro a beautiful tamate - box .
eng	 he says he must get rid of the mice that are in the attic . that house , the roof of which is red , is my uncle's . what is the name of the building whose roof you can see ? the staircase leading to the rooftop is narrow , steep , and dark . the house with the damaged roof has been repaired . the tile which fell from the roof broke into pieces . how many hours does it take to go to okinawa by plane ? are you aware that okinawa is closer to china than to honshu ? the king invited not only us but also a lot of other people . the king ordered that the prisoner should be set free . the prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter . the prince made it known all over the land that he would marry the poor girl . the prince was confined in the castle for three years . there was a time when kings and queens reigned over the world . the knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king . in europe and america , people regard punctuality as a matter of course . in europe and america they regard the dog as a member of the family . the ec's twelve are working out a compromise on farm - price . learning lessons from europe , japan has to switch its economic - oriented policy to a consumer - conscious one , in order to cope with the coming unprecedented aging society towards the 21st century . yokohama is the city in japan with the second largest population . the population of yokohama is larger than that of osaka . yokohama is a city where more than three million people live . please fill in the application form and send it back by november 2nd . applicants were requested to submit their resumes . i'm really irritable lately . my favorite soccer team is in a slump . how can you be so indifferent to your wife's trouble ? when his wife died , he received dozens of letters of sympathy . pollution has a disastrous effect on the ecology of a region . as a result of pollution , the lake is without any form of life . you may take the book home so long as you don't get it dirty . you may take this book as long as you keep it clean . when the trusted confidant of the person who conducted a hostile takeover of the company betrayed him , it was a sort of retributive justice . maintaining a high salt diet may contribute to high blood pressure . if you are done with the salt , please pass it to me . i wanted some salt , but there was none in the jar . thank you very much for coming so far as see me off . how kind you are to come all the way to see me off ! thank you very much for coming so far to see me off . don't be shy about talking to the teacher ; if you don't understand , use some initiative ! never hesitate to have time off whenever you want . we felt relieved when we saw a light in the distance . in the distance there stood a dimly white lighthouse . it's hard to get to by bike because it's far away . the picture looks strange because it has no perspective . please stop beating around the bush and come straight to the point . don't beat around the bush ; tell me who is to blame . stop beating around the bush and get to the point .
eng	 instead of beating around the bush , jones got straight to the point . we had not gone far before we saw the road blocked by a truck . we could see the lights of the town in the distance . little lights were blinking on and off in the distance . seen from a distance , the hill looks like an elephant . seen from a distance , it looked like a human face . seen from a distance , the rock looked like a human face . viewed from a distance , the island looked like a cloud . seen from a distance , the big rock looks like an old castle . seen from a distance , the stone looks like a human face . seen from a distance , this mountain looks like mt . fuji . the small island looked like a tortoise from a distance . in the distance you can see mt . fuji through the morning mist . thank you very much for coming all the way to see me . a chimney carries smoke from a fireplace to the outside . how many cigarettes am i allowed to take back duty free ? after the concert , the crowd made for the nearest door . it's a lot of fun making people laugh while giving a speech . the speaker tried to incite the people to rebellion . a person giving a speech should stand where everyone can see him . the speaker should stand where everyone can see him . i'd like to see a play . do you have any information ? and the master of the banquet tested the water that had been turned into wine . maruyama park is a place where a lot of people gather . the strong yen is acting against japan's export industry . how to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem . the influence of the strong yen on the japanese economy has become very serious . the yen's appreciation accelerated the decline of that company . does depreciation of the yen give rise to inflation ? is there a bank where i can exchange yen for dollars ? the yen appreciated 10 percent against the dollar . the yen was revalued upward against the u . s . dollar from a rate of 360 yen against the dollar to 308 yen on december 18 , 1971 . the yen is expected to lose value against the dollar . the bookstore across from the station is very large . i heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name . there is a large parking lot in front of the station . a lot of bicycles are illegally parked in front of the station . i ran into an old friend of mine outside the station . it's foolish taking a taxi when you can easily walk to the station . it's too far to walk to the station , so let's take a bus . could you please tell me how to get to the station ? please be so kind as to show me the way to the station . it will take me 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi . i managed to catch the 8 o'clock train by running all the way to the station . it takes you an hour to go to the station on foot . i got to the station only to find that the train had just left . arriving at the station , he found his train gone . i was caught in a shower on my way to the station . how long does it take to the train station by taxi ? on arriving at the station , i went to see my uncle at his office .
eng	 you pay for the convenience of living near a station . wherever you go , you see a lot of bicycles left on sidewalks near stations . the moment she arrived at the station , she phoned her mother . on arriving at the station , i called a friend of mine . on arriving at the station , she rang up her mother . the sky had become threatening before i got to the station . arriving at the station , i found the train had already left . arriving at the station , she called up her brother . the train had already started when i got to the station . when i arrived at the station , the train was just about to leave . the train was just on the point of starting when i got to the station . we must hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time . could you tell me the way to the station , please ? i ran into an old classmate of mine on my way to the station . please tell me which bus to take to get to the station . i could not find my brother who was to meet me at the station . although it was a long way back to the station , little by little the old wagon drew near . i waited for him at the station for an hour , but he didn't show up . do you know how far it is from the station to city hall ? it took only about five minutes to get to my uncle's house from the station by car . it takes twenty minutes to walk from the station to school . it was a good five kilometers from the station to the school . the office for disease control reported a 10 percent spread . a sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use . who loves not women , wine and song remains a fool his whole life long . the first man that succeed in swimming the channel was captain webb . the best way to master english composition is to keep a diary in english . what a big mistake you made in your english composition ! the english ambassador demanded to meet with the president directly . the british have a lot of respect for law and order . some people say that english politeness is , at bottom , really fear . as an englishman , he is particularly sensitive to the differences between english and american usage . i hear it takes time to make friends with the english people . alfred , king of england , was a great scholar as well as a great ruler . great britain is no longer in control of world politics . britain is separated from the continent by the channel . in 1971 the united kingdom changed its currency to the decimal system . english law prohibits children under 16 from buying cigarettes . the south east region of england is densely populated . britain's currency crisis has turned into a political one over government failure to stop the pound from going into free - fall . in the imperial measurement system , four quarts equals one gallon . london , the capital of england , is on the thames . the english poet percy shelley went so far as to call hell a city much like london . the english sovereign is generally said to reign but not rule . the climate of england is not so mild as that of japan , but in summer it is much cooler .
eng	 in great britain the king reigns , but does not govern . in britain , the banks open at 9 : 00 in the morning . the english team beat the brazilian team in the international football tournament . pay more attention to intonation when you speak english . she speaks english better than any of her classmates . don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking english . don't be afraid of making mistakes when you speak english . don't be afraid of making mistakes when speaking english . developing his ability of speaking english , it seems , is his purpose of studying abroad . to speak english is not easy , but it is interesting . she is above any of her classmates in speaking english . that boy who is speaking english is taller than i . don't translate english into japanese word for word . it is impossible to master english in a short time . what do you think is the best way to learn english ? the position requires applicants to be skilled in spoken english . when he writes english , he often consults the dictionary . when writing english , she rarely makes a mistake . you should persist in your efforts to learn english . all students of english should have a good english - english dictionary at hand . to study english is important for today's young people . students of english often mix up the words 'lie' and 'lay' . those who learn english cannot do without english dictionaries . the best way to learn english is to go to america . i don't think that there is any better way to learn english than by living in america . someone who knows english well must have written this . i do not support the theory that one has to study latin in order to understand english better . you're much less likely to get a good position if you don't speak english . i like english so much , but sometimes it is very difficult for me . english is spoken by more people than any other language . english is spoken in many countries around the world . english is as fine a means of communication as any in the world . english is by far the most widely - spoken language in the world . english is a very important language in today's world . english is just one of over 2 , 700 languages in the world today . english has now become the common language of several nations in the world . english is a universal language and is used all over the world . english is taught almost all over the world today . the english language is cognate to the german language . english is a language abounding in idiomatic expressions . english , as you know , is very much a living language . how are you getting along with your english study ? when you're reading an english book , it isn't a great idea to look up every word you don't know . in english , the usual sentence structure is subject - verb - object/complement . i still can't get the knack of english pronunciation . i can't find any logic to english spelling . ghoti can be pronounced as fish .  when it comes to learning english words by heart , nobody can beat him . english words are often borrowed by other languages .
eng	 the future of english seems to be leading in three directions . we listened to the teacher during the english lesson . i don't like the new textbook for my english class ; i prefer the original . in english class , sometimes we sit in a circle to talk about a book we are reading . the student , who failed in a test in english , was inspired by his friend's words . in english examinations , she always gets good marks , not to say straight as . i keep a large dictionary close at hand when i read english magazines . some students like english , and others like physics . you will derive great benefits from learning english . my mark for the english examination was close to the average mark of the class . are you going to take part in the english speech contest ? try to speak english as often as possible if you want to improve your english . as far as english is concerned , nobody can beat me . it is estimated that there are over half a million words in english . some english words have two spellings - " gray " and " grey " , for example . i spoke to him in english and found i could make myself understood . written in english , this book is easy for me to read . it was not so simple to write a letter in english . it is difficult to express one's thoughts in english . we were allowed to speak either in english or in japanese . as far as english is concerned , she is second to none in her class . in the english language many words contain letters which are not pronounced . it would be a great convenience if english were to become everybody's major language . some are good at english , and others are good at mathematics . there is no denying that english is the most widely spoken language in the world . it goes without saying that english is an international language . proficient in english , he is looked on as a good teacher . however , it is good if one can speak english well . if you want to be fluent in english , you've got to keep at it . the swimmer , cindy nicholas , barely made it ashore at dover at the end of the exhausting swim , but a spokesman from the channel swimming association announced that she was in very good shape . the swimmer raised his head and gasped for breath . if you'd like to continue to improve your swimming , just keep on practicing every day . years of hardship had not caused him to lose his faith . they did not have permanent homes , so they did not plant crops for food . there were already a lot of people waiting in a line in front of the movie theater . i was angry about missing that film at the cinema . the movie got more and more exciting , until at length , people were sitting on the edge of their chairs . the show was so boring that ann and i fell asleep . i think a movie is more entertaining than any book . i would have liked to see the ending of the film , but i had to leave the theater . which would you rather do , go to the cinema or stay at home ? i would rather stay at home than go to the movies . i don't feel like going to the movies . let's take a walk instead .
eng	 the movie was so dull that the audience left one by one . the dinosaurs in the film " jurassic park " were true to life . we must not speak ill of others behind their backs . we need to reorganize it in order to strengthen our business activities . mt . unzen is such a nice place that many people visit there . since it's cloudy with a chance of rain today , we shouldn't go surfing . if there were no clouds , we could not enjoy the sun . the clouds are getting darker ; it's going to rain . i would rather kill myself than reconcile myself to my fate . my muscular strength has weakened from lack of exercise . the athletes trained hard every day to be at their best for the summer olympics . what with having no exercise and being overweight , he had a heart attack . exercise , if carried to excess , will do you more harm than good . exercise is to the body what thinking is to the brain . it is refreshing to take a shower after exercising . we tend to forget that exercise is a key to good health . did you have your photograph taken for the driver's license ? having a driver's license is an advantage for this job . when you are driving , you should make way for ambulances . passengers shall not converse with the driver while the bus is in motion . not being watchful , the driver failed to stop in time . the driver could not distinguish the signal in the fog .  " well , i guess i'm going to get a driver's license , " he answered . the driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers . the driver was thrown from his seat head over heels . the drivers began arguing about who was to blame for the accident . it was obvious that the driver had not been careful enough . i got my driver's license on the second time i tried to pass the driver's test . he managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver . you have to look out for other cars when you drive . you should concentrate on the road when you're driving . allan was lucky and passed the tax accountant examination . as good luck would have it , a steamer passed by and they were saved . the media got wind of a rumor about his engagement and came quickly . if you tell too many lies , people won't ever believe your words . you're always lying - that's why people don't take you seriously . you get what you deserve . he was angry at the suggestion that he was dishonest . we should lay on a second coat of paint for better protection against the weather . although rainforests make up only two percent of the earth's surface , over half the world's wild plant , animal and insect species live there . in case of rain , the athletic meeting will be called off . there is no telling when the rainy season will be over . what with the rain and a bad hotel , we didn't enjoy our holiday much . i don't think it will rain , but i'll take an umbrella in case it does . though it stopped raining , the wind was still blowing hard . does the amount of rain affect the growth of crops ? i go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days . how will they amuse the children on a wet afternoon ?
eng	 he caught a chill because he went out in the rain . we had to call off the baseball game because of the rain . the rain compelled the water to run over the banks . the rain prevented us from finishing our game of tennis . owing to the rain , the athletic meeting was put off . the rain prevented us from playing tennis outside . the rain prevented the boys from playing baseball on the playground . because of the rain , the audience at the concert was small . the rain made it impossible for us to go on the picnic . after the rain , there were puddles on the street . take this umbrella with you lest you should get wet and catch cold . the paint is peeling off the weather - beaten wall . in spite of the rain , the game was not cancelled . i get caught in the rain , i'm late for my date , and i lose my pocketbook . it's just one thing after another today . you had better take an umbrella with you in case it rains . it looks like rain . we had better shut the windows . i discouraged him from going swimming as it was likely to rain . it looks like rain . you had better take an umbrella with you . i was caught in the rain and got soaked to the skin . the beautiful scene of a lake was not able to be enjoyed because of rain and fog . the rainy weather prevented her from working in the garden . the rain necessitated a postponement of the picnic . whether it will rain or not , the game is going to be held . wet and stormy areas will get wetter and stormier . we had hoped that the rain would stop before noon . when the rain stopped , the game of tennis was continued immediately . when the weather had cleared , the children began to play baseball again . after the rain had let up a bit , we made a dash for the car . with the rain having stopped , the game began again . hardly had the rain stopped when the ground began to freeze . no sooner had it stopped raining than a beautiful rainbow appeared . whether it rains or not , fujita is planning to have a picnic . when it rains , the buses are late more often than not . don't forget to take an umbrella in case it rains . don't forget to bring your umbrella in case it rains . since it is bad when it rains , when you come out of the room , please shut the window . you'd better take your umbrella , just in case it rains . i think you'd better take an umbrella in case it rains . remember to take your umbrella , in case it rains . we thought it would rain ; nevertheless , we started on our trip . take an umbrella with you in case it begins to rain . it's beginning to rain . please share my umbrella . it began to rain , so he need not have watered the lawn . when it began to rain , she told her son to take in the washing . it looks like rain . you had better take in the washing . but for the rain , we would have had a pleasant journey . the flowers in the garden died from the absence of rain . unless it rains , the game will be held on sunday . the festival will be held in the garden , unless it rains . it was raining , and joe's long hair was completely wet by the time he got home .
eng	 it will get dark earlier this evening , as it is raining . the weather being rainy , the baseball game was cancelled . it was all the more depressing because it was raining . the picnic was held in the gym on account of the rain . it was raining hard , but she insisted on going for a drive . in spite of the heavy rain , he decided to go out . it rained heavily , and consequently the baseball game was called off . rain formed pools in the hollow spaces on the rocks . it left off raining and we managed to finish our game of tennis . since it stopped raining , he went out for a walk . scarcely had the rain stopped before a rainbow appeared . we shall leave for home as soon as it stops raining . it was raining hard , and what is worse , the wind began to rise . it rained so hard that we decided to visit him some other time . it was raining so hard that we had to put off our departure . the wild and windy night that the rain washed away . i only hope that the rain holds off for a few hours more . let's get home before this rain gets any stronger . it won't be long before we can enjoy space travel . the time will come and in it we can enjoy space travel . space travel will be commonplace some time in the future . the astronauts were greeted with cheers and applause of an enthusiastic crowd . the astronauts were greeted with spontaneous applause . the astronauts were greeted by their enthusiastic cheers and applause . people were delighted at the safe return of the astronauts . a voyage to the moon in a spaceship is no longer a dream . if it is seen from a spaceship , the earth looks blue . the time has come when we can travel through space . the use of space must be limited to non - military purposes , as far as japan's involvement is concerned . the origin of the universe will probably never be explained . turning to the right , you will find the city hall in front of you . turning to the right , you will find the hospital . turning to the right , you will see a white tower . turning to the right , you will come to the museum . turning right , you'll find the hospital on your left . ok , now turn to your right , a little further , a little further . . . good . now lie still on your back . you should not speak ill of others behind their backs . you should not speak of others behind their backs . you shouldn't talk about people behind their backs . driving after drinking alcohol is not acceptable behavior . the more you drink , the less careful you will be . mr . mitsubishi is drinking at home to save his drinking money . he doesn't care , provided he has enough to eat and drink . one can drink too much , but one never drinks enough . i drank too much and the ground seemed to spin under my feet . i got along so well with the guy sitting next to me at the pub that we ended up drinking together till dawn . gravity is the natural force by which objects are attracted to each other . without gravity we would be hurled off into space . when i retire , i'd like to spend the rest of my life in the country . she didn't like this city when she moved here , but she has gotten used to it now .
eng	 the lock on my drawer had been tampered with and some of my papers were missing . mistakes in the printing should be pointed out at once . the dog hid under the bed whenever lightning flashed . the flash of lightning precedes the sound of thunder . the chain of crimes are thought to have been committed by the same man . a series of blasts reduced the laboratory to ruins . a row of old houses is being destroyed to make way for new flats . he added that he was coming up to town in a day or two . i suppose i'll be in trouble if i don't stay up all night to cram for the examination . i observed that he was wearing his sunday best that morning . a tall tree projects its long shadow on the water . one book is thin . the other is thick . the thick one has about 200 pages . what's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander . on the one hand he is kind to everyone , but on the other hand he never behaves with too much familiarity . on one hand he praised my report , but on the other hand he criticized it . on the one hand we suffered a heavy loss , but on the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience . on one hand he is kind , but on the other hand he is lazy . on the one hand , you are wrong , but on the other hand , i can't blame you for that . americans , on the other hand , are more likely to take chances in the hope of achieving great success . one step further , and you will fall into an abyss . some hospitals hand out free samples of baby milk . some college teachers come to class late and leave early . some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old . some people believe that japan is no . 1 in everything . i walked quickly so that i might catch the first train . the best thing to do is to ask an expert to repair it . charles always takes the line of least resistance . the greatest number came from europe , but many also came from latin america , asia , africa , australia , and canada . can you tell me where the nearest courtesy phone is ? can you tell me where the nearest hotel service phone is ? can you tell me where the nearest antique shop is ? do you know where the nearest american express office is ? i'd like to know the phone number of the nearest american express office . i was beside myself with jealousy when my youngest sister rose in the world . my youngest brother was brought up by our grandmother . the youngest child spent every morning at a nursery . i'd like the most inexpensive room you have for four nights . i'd like to rent your most inexpensive car for a week . what is most troublesome is the corruption of the best . the best thing would be for you to do the work yourself . you can hear english on channel 1 , and japanese on channel 7 . we would often sit up all night discussing politics . i was roaming over the mountains all through the night . after drinking all night , bob was dead to the world . i wonder whether man could live with only two hours' sleep a night . generally speaking , japanese cars are popular overseas . generally speaking , the weather was mild last year .
eng	 generally speaking , children like to play outdoors . generally speaking , high school students study harder than college students . generally speaking , there is little rain here in june . the people in this town , generally speaking , are kind to visitors . generally speaking , orchestra conductors wear tailcoats at concerts . generally speaking , a waiter in japan gives good service . generally speaking , new zealanders are taller than japanese . generally speaking , a woman will live longer than a man . generally speaking , westerners don't eat fish raw . generally speaking , little girls are fond of dolls . generally speaking , women live longer than men by almost ten years . generally speaking , the japanese are hard workers . generally speaking , the japanese people are diligent . generally speaking , men can run faster than women can . admittedly , models of hegemonic order cannot provide an explanation for all observed successful bargaining strategies . the english people in general , are extremely fond of their pets . generally speaking , boys like girls with long hair . generally speaking , men are physically stronger than women . generally speaking , the young people of today are clever . in general , consumers prefer quantity to quality . generally speaking , the englishman is not curious about others . the public at large are dissatisfied with the present government . the public is entitled to information about how public money is spent . in order to elude her eager public , the movie star checked into the hotel under a false name . the people at large are hoping for great changes in the light of the present situation . the japanese at large consider themselves better off than they used to be . in general , young people today are not interested in politics . in general , it may be said that he is a genius in music . in general , communication between doctors and their patients is the most important part of medical treatment . in general , people in america tend to prefer bigger cars . after a year's practice , she plays the piano after a fashion . i'm going to give you a year's worth of allowance all at once . who said you can swagger around like that just because you're one year ahead of me ? no one can determine the amount of money we waste in a year . it is impossible to master english in a year or so . i only missed one day of work because of a cold and my desk is piled high with papers . i'm worn out , because i've been standing all day . having worked on the farm all day long , he was completely tired out . there is nothing like a glass of beer after a whole day's work . it rained heavily all day , during which time i stayed indoors . after waiting all day , the workers were still looking for a break in the weather so they could resume the search . we are worn out , because we have been uniting all day . it is not good for your health to shut yourself in all day . i sit in front of a computer screen all day , so i get pretty heavily bombarded by electro - magnetic waves .
eng	 i always feel good after i do my good deed for the day . after a hard day's work , a man can do with a good , hot meal . at the end of a working day , everybody is in a hurry to get home . in no country other than england , it has been said , can one experience four seasons in the course of a single day . it is next to impossible for you to finish the work in a day . no sooner had we finished working on one tough problem than the president sent us yet another straight from the top . i know that if we discuss it , we can find a solution that will satisfy both of us . once you have made a promise , you should keep it . a stone once cast , and a word once spoken , cannot be recalled . once a habit has been acquired , it has almost compulsive power over us . it is not too much to say that time once lost can never be recovered . once you have decided to do something , stick to it . too many irons in the fire result in bad workmanship . when one has too many irons in the fire , he doesn't know where to start working . we can prepare to offer you a special discount of 5% for the stl#3456 , on condition that you place an order for more than 15 at one time . if at first you don't succeed , try , try , try again . why on earth did you sell your newly - built house ? i don't know what kind of creature is making such a terrible noise outside tonight . at one time , people would not have hesitated to light up a cigarette in stations , restaurants , or hospital waiting rooms . he said to me , " study hard , and you will pass the test . " work hard , or you'll have to take the same course again next year . he said to me , 'study hard , or you won't pass the test . ' if you don't study hard , you'll continue to get poor scores . if he had not worked hard , he would have failed the examination . there's a fortune in the making for any hard worker . you can make your dream come true by working hard . work hard , and your salary will be raised by degrees . nothing is more pleasant than taking a rest after hard work . i know you worked very hard on it , but still i'm not satisfied with your report . i decided that i was going to work as hard as i can . that might be the most painful experience in my life . you'll be able to speak english better if you practice hard . i'll get even with you , if it takes me the rest of my life . only after a century and a half of confusion was the royal authority restored . my parents objected to my traveling alone , saying it would be dangerous . living on my own , i really miss my mom's cooking . it was a great tragedy for them to lose their only son . if each would sweep before the door , we should have a clean city . one is a teacher , another is a doctor , and the other is a journalist . a passenger fainted , but the stewardess brought him round . a student with a crew cut was sitting in the front seat . when left alone , he cried to his heart's content . the little boy got into mischief when he was left alone . though she wished to travel abroad by herself , she thought better of it .
eng	 one person more or less doesn't make much difference . it's good to be able to concentrate single - mindedly on your work , but you're completely ignoring the people around you . working together , they cleaned the entire house in no time . he was always pulling my leg when we worked together . let us go together . we can swim across the river , carry off the bear cubs , take them to the house on the mountain , and together find happiness . i wish i could go with you , but as it is , i can't . she told him once and for all that she would not go to the movie with him . why don't you come in for a cup of coffee and a chat ? when we are with a person we don't want to be seen with , we often meet someone we know . i must have stolen it when i lost control of myself momentarily . you can read ten books in a week ? don't you mean in a month ? i will lend you some money , on condition that you will repay it in a week . i'd been on my own all week and was starving for conversation . for a while , i was really into cola - drinking it every day . scarcely an hour goes by that i don't i think of you with love . do you think you can make out the list in an hour ? please cover for me at the reception desk for about one hour . at one time we were enemies , but we've buried the hatchet and we are now on friendly terms with each other . for a guy who was chosen by his father as the only son to be taught the secrets of this martial art , he doesn't have much of a kick . it has been raining since the day before yesterday , but it may clear up this afternoon . it has been raining on and off since the day before yesterday . he may have absented himself from school the day before yesterday . i met her by chance on the train the day before yesterday . the economic strength of a country lies not alone in its ability to produce , but also in its capacity to consume . it is important for a nation to have an adequate mix of monetary and fiscal policies . the amount of paper produced by a country is closely related to its cultural standards . the party did not succeed in climbing the mountain . the party , therefore , had to take another route . they all get lumped together as english texts . but in fact these books are extremely varied and wide - ranging . you have something to say about everything , don't you ? an apparently small event may lead to a great result . i saw at a glance that the empty house was badly in need of repair . i saw at a glance that there was something the matter with my father . nothing could be more reasonable , on the face of it . women who , at first glance , appear to be completely ordinary also don't seem to be in that much of a rush to get married . i paid in a lump sum when i bought a television set . once you skip a lesson , it's hard to catch up with your classmates . they moved to new york , but adapted easily to their new surroundings . except for tom , the family was all watching tv in silence . the family moved from their native germany to chicago around the year 1830 . i went to the south pacific for a summer of romantic adventure .
eng	 a really perceptive person can figure out a whole situation with just a few clues . that's the kind of person i want you to become . one important thing to remember is that americans may remain silent when you say something they don't agree with . you should concentrate on one thing and learn to do it well . to know a language is one thing , and to teach it is another . for one thing , he thinks she is stupid , for another , he doesn't like her . for one thing , i am poor ; for another , i am busy . for one thing , i'm penniless ; for another , i don't have the time . for one thing , i've no money , and for another , i've no leisure . this is true partly because non - westerners have begun to take pride in their own cultures and partly because those areas of the world where forks are not used have some of the highest birth rates . not a drop of rain fell for a month , so they had to dig a well . child - care leave and time off to care for the aged are needed in order to respond to demographic changes now taking place in japan . he that stays in the valley shall never get over the hill . the medical supplies were allocated to the victims of the disaster . we can say that there's not a clear winner in terms of a policy to curtail medical expenses and benefits . in medical research , one of the first problems is to isolate the cause of the disease . the doctors thought he was dead , but today he is still alive and healthy , and has a job and a family . doctors have offered me nothing but sleeping pills . he had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor . doctors and hospitals should help the people who can get healthy again . the doctor sat up all night with the sick old man . the physician prescribed his patient some medicine . the doctor advised him to keep away from drinking . the doctor told him to rest at home , which is advice he followed . the doctor told him to give up smoking and drinking . the doctor alerted him to the riskiness of the medicine . the doctor said that he would be well if he took his medicine . the doctor suggested that he should give up smoking . the doctor gave him some drugs to relieve the pain . the doctor's instructions are as follows : take this medicine after meals . the doctor spoke to the effect that my father would soon get better . the doctor advised me to take up some sport to stay in shape . the doctor forbade me to take part in the marathon . though the doctor did his best , the patient's recovery was slow . doctors suspect smoking has lot to do with cancer . the doctor continued to observe the patient's behavior . the doctor placed a stethoscope on the patient's chest . the doctor informed his patient of the name of his disease . the doctor has ordered the patient to abstain from wine . doctors are not as a rule trained in child rearing . the doctor advised mr white not to smoke too much . the doctor examined the child and said she was healthy . the doctor insisted that the patient get plenty of rest . the doctor thought the patient's pulse was rather rapid .
eng	 the doctor is looking for medicine that is effective for this illness . the doctor tried every possible means to save his patient . the doctor recommended that you should give up smoking . the doctor advised that my mother stay in bed for three more days . the doctors say the dying man should have kicked the bucket hours ago , were he an ordinary man , but he is still defying death . all the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died . some doctors say something to please their patients . if it wasn't for the doctor's treatment , that patient would be dead . had he taken his doctor's advice , he might not have died . a doctor's instruments must be kept absolutely clean . what doctors should do is to save lives and fight against death . with the help of doctors , she got over her illness . you had better see a doctor ; it may not be just a cold . i left off work for a few hours to see the doctor . my doctor told me to lay off the liquor so i have this uneasy impatient feeling . my desire to become a doctor grew out of looking after my sickly brother . a six - figure income is not uncommon for physicians . medical doctors and dentists have very different tools of the trades . doctors and nurses must preserve life at all costs . doctors should keep abreast of all the latest developments in medicine . doctors should keep abreast with all the latest developments in medicine . the doctor came into the examination room and asked about her problem . the doctor devoted a great deal of effort and the patient recovered . is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die ? my physician advised me to refrain from alcohol for the time being . she had been ill for a week when the doctor was sent for . doctors can be wrong , and some patients can suddenly improve . the doctor's careful examination of the patient brought about his speedy recovery . the doctor's careful treatment of the patient brought about her quick recovery . i'm thinking of going somewhere for a change of air , since my doctor advises me to . the doctor's quick arrival brought about her very speedy recovery . lying is forgivable when it is done by a doctor trying to give heart to a terminally ill patient . doctors have made great strides in their fight against cancer . the doctor reassured me about my father's condition . the doctors wore white masks over their mouths and noses . the medical profession keeps handing out warnings about smoking . the doctor monitored the patient's heartbeat and blood pressure . could you give me the name and phone number of a doctor ? the doctor's warning stiffened my resolve to stop drinking . being a doctor helped me greatly during the journey . the doctor's careful treatment of the patient brought about her recovery . it is not ethical for a doctor to reveal confidences . you should investigate the fact from a medical viewpoint . progress in medicine is going ahead by leaps and bounds . i'm thinking of going to germany to study medicine . japan has caught up with europe and america in medicine .
eng	 i'm sorry to say , but the service isn't very good . i regret to inform you that i will be unable to keep our appointment for february 27 . the speeding vehicle skidded and crashed head - on into the rear - end of a truck before the driver could say jack robinson . the difference is this : he works harder than you . i came to the realization too late to make a difference . in spite of their various differences , joan and ann are friends . if you look after your clothes , they last a lot longer . what do you do with your clothes when they are worn out ? the identity of the lost child was confirmed by its clothes . food , clothing and shelter are the basis of life . in the matter of food and clothing , we are pretty well off . what is indispensable to our lives , along with food and clothes , is housing . i got a stomach tumor and had to have it operated on . getting a sports car is easy , compared to the maintenance one must do on it . the emigrants have endured physical and mental pain . due to our office moving , we will be closed from may 30 to 31 . migrants from the continent crossed the japan sea . years of resistance to misfortune ended when the settlers' village was overcome by the savages and their hopes and lives came to the bitter end . if there is no objection , we will close the meeting now . it's very difficult to communicate with people from other cultures . it is generally hard to adapt to living in a foreign culture . as for the accusations of heresy , here the evidence is much weaker . unusually low temperatures account for the poor rice crop this year . they went ahead with the plan since there were no objections . the exchange rates are posted daily outside the cashier's office . choose such friends as will benefit you , they say . that is why i am on intimate terms with mr aoki . no sooner had i sat down and relaxed than the phone rang . written as it is in easy style , the book is for beginners . written in plain english , the book can be read even by you . it is often pointed out that a vague smile is typical of the japanese . everything that has meaning can be called language . in the main , i am in favor of political reform if meaningful changes are made . although he isn't ill - natured , he is not very kind . the wicked witch cast an evil spell on the man and turned him into an insect . the unconscious person feels no pain , but for the family and friends it can be a long and painful experience . people who are unconscious can't say they want to die . there is one thing which we do every time we read , whether we are aware of it or not ; we come in contact with the personality of the writer . a man of weak will is the target of criticism ; even his friends would badger him into correcting his defects . a man of strong will is not subject to corruption . no one can force you to do anything against your will . knowing their languages is not enough to communicate effectively , because the methods of communication are determined by their cultures . through communication we are able to learn about each other .
eng	 opinion is ultimately determined by the feelings , and not by the intellect . surprisingly , he is the type that worries about being in the public eye . unexpectedly the weather forecast came true yesterday . the committee eagerly welcomed her as chairperson . the committee is composed of three men and seven women . the committee inquired into the cause of the accident . the committee is composed of teachers and parents . the committee held a discussion on the problem of education . a committee should apply the focus to the more concrete problem . the committee was not disposed to hold another meeting . the committee called on all nations to work side - by - side to curb air pollution . the purpose of the committee is to develop children's musical talent . all the members of the committee hate one another . one of the committees is composed of eight members . all the members of the committee consented to my proposal . his influence in the committee became weaker and weaker . the majority of the committee voted against the bill . the committee stayed up late last night trying to work out measures that would please everyone . the committee met and discussed whom to appoint to the post . the point about enclosure is that the configuration of ethnic groups must be clearly described . the great critic and the poet are traveling together . the great critic and poet is lecturing on philosophy . the son of a great actor became a good actor in his own right . every great writer seems to have been interested in english . great scholar as he is , he is lacking in common sense . a great scholar is not necessarily a good teacher . many great men went through hardship during their youth . mr ito loosened his tie because he felt hot in his office . professor ito went to the united states for the purpose of studying linguistics . i am very fond of lobsters , but they are very , very expensive . the knife we used to cut the bread with was sharp . now there is nothing but desert , where there used to be a fertile plain . there used to be a big cherry tree at the back of my house . when i was a child , my mother would often read fairy tales to me . in the past , there were no oral english classes in high school . now many schools have oral communication classes . i used to go fishing quite often , but now i rarely go . there used to be a restaurant in front of this bus stop . there used to be a green field here ; now there's a supermarket . i easily found mr . harrington because i had seen him before . having been to the temple before , i know the way . the situation has improved considerably compared with what it was . as you have often been here before , show me around , please . he didn't deny that he was formerly involved in the program . having been caught in that situation before , i knew exactly what to do . not having seen him before , i'll not be able to recognize him . i may have seen that film before , but i can hardly remember it . the following is a summary of the president's speech . the explanation below was achieved by comparing and contrasting a variety of different theories .
eng	 the data to be discussed below was collected in the following way . the pommel horse requires more balance than strength . that's just a shot in the dark . how do you think you'll succeed by just acting on the spur of the moment like that ? our guide misinformed us about the location of the hotel . this book is surprisingly easy to read , isn't it ? just like i thought , the contractor came back today , begging for more time . i don't mind your groping in the dark for a solution , but i wish you'd come to a decision . assassination has never changed the history of the world . encryption technology has advanced to the point where it's pretty reliable . it was impossible for him to take the picture in the dark . you'd better hurry up if you want to get home before dark . it was getting dark , and , what made matters worse , it began to rain . it got dark , and what was worse , it began to rain . i took the bus in order to reach the destination before it got dark . it's getting dark . please turn the light on for me . with darkness coming on , the children returned home . it grew dark , and what was worse , we lost our way . as soon as it gets dark , the fireworks will start . not seeing anything in the dark , we couldn't move . it was dark , and i could not make out who was coming along the road . dark as it was , we managed to find our way back to our tent . a recent analysis by boeing forecasts that unless safety is improved , jet airliners could be falling out of the sky at the rate of once a week by the year 2010 . you may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures . we will set up a notice in front of the machine for safety's sake . for safety purposes , remove the plastic casing before use . organic vegetables are popular because they're safe and tasty . the cheap prices tempted me to buy things i didn't need . there was a glut of cotton goods due to cheap imports . i saved on travelling expenses by staying at a cheap hotel . i bought it thinking it was cheap , but it was rotten , so i ended up losing out . i want to buy this book not because it is cheap , but because it is useful . having been wrongly addressed , the letter never reached him . an overwhelming majority voted to abolish the brutal punishment . i have one final piece of advice related to handshakes : remember to smile . on bad roads this little car really comes into its own . the notorious rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail . the notorious dictator abused his privileges to his heart's content . when you talk of the devil you will hear his bones rattle . due to bad weather , the plane arrived three hours late . bad weather discouraged them from going on a picnic . because of the bad weather , my piano teacher suggested that i go home early . father was in a bad mood since he couldn't play golf because of bad weather . due to the bad weather , the plane was ten minutes late . thanks to the bad weather , the game was canceled . the senior citizens' spirits were high in spite of the bad weather . they made up their minds to go by car in spite of bad weather .
eng	 ill - gotten gains are short - lived . the only way to make real money is to earn every penny . after an uphill struggle against great odds they finally got the company on its feet again . a serious form of flu prevails throughout the country . the instant i open the lid an offensive smell greets my nose . bad drivers should have their licenses taken away from them . malicious gossip spreads like wildfire . i guess that's why they say bad news travels fast . far be it from me to criticize , but your dress is rather loud . the smaller the body , the more likely the person will suffer from the ill effects of radiation . having hit a streak of bad luck , my fortune had gone to pot in no time . you will be disliked by girls if you play practical jokes on them . the wicked witch cast a spell on the man and turned him into a bug . a bad habit , once formed , cannot easily be got rid of . i had a bad cold , and to make matters worse , it began snowing . once you've got into a bad habit , it can be difficult to get out of it . a bad habit , once formed , is difficult to get rid of . you have to apologize at once when you have done wrong . i really shouldn't ask , but could you go get some tofu for me ? textile news has a large following among those working in the textile industry . love is above money . the latter can't give as much happiness as the former . many murders have been committed in the name of patriotism . the patriots stood up for the rights of their nation . at last , mario managed to win the princess's love . love is something that you can neither snatch away nor express . love undeniably has wings to fly away from love , but it's also undeniable that it also has wings to fly back . love , which is a wonderful feeling , comes to everyone at some time in their life . we hope we will make our home full of love and happiness . how difficult a thing it is , to love , and to be wise , and both at once . my love for you won't let me tell you everything . some things are better left unsaid . to love and to be loved is the greatest happiness . it is the greatest happiness in life to love and to be loved . don't mourn over the loss of your loved one too long . there is more pleasure in loving than in being loved . it is sad not to be loved , but it is much sadder not to be able to love . as long as we love each other , we'll be all right . parents aren't rational because love isn't rational . this drawing is less than great . he needs to do something with the line here at the back of the leg . it goes without saying that we must all observe traffic signals . it is not until we lose our health that we recognise its blessing . we cannot necessarily see the star with the naked eye . we invited him to the party , but he did not show up . in light of his lack of abilities we cannot expect him to succeed . we plan to have a welcoming party for mr . clark who came to japan the other day . we moved into this house last month , but we still haven't settled down . we moved into this house last month . we will settle down soon .
eng	 we must make the best we can of the few natural resources we have . we considered going , but finally decided against it . we should so act that we shall have nothing to regret . we must try to preserve the remains of ancient civilizations . we have established the institute with a view to facilitating the research . while we hate force , we recognize the need for law and order . we discussed the matter from an educational point of view . it should be stressed that we are often influenced by advertising without being aware of it . we are all looking forward to seeing you and your family . we wanted to speak to the president of the company , but he refused to speak to us . we participated in the athletic meet of our company . we look back on days gone by , if not always with affections , at any rate with a kind of wistfulness . no one of us can cut himself off from the body of the community to which he belongs . we are studying in order to pass the step 2nd grade test . we climbed higher so that we might get a better view . all of us are connected with the past and the future as well as the present . we were all surprised at the effect the news had on him . we must put an end to a bad habit as soon as possible . we've set the meeting tentatively for monday . it's subject to change . we are very much concerned about the future of this country . it should not be possible for us to enjoy them without giving something in return . we were surprised at the ease with which he solved the problem . we lay emphasis on the importance of being sincere . we are indirectly dependent upon the labour of others for all the necessities and comforts of our lives . we credit peary with having discovered the north pole . we find ourselves in the twilight of our civilization . not a day passes in which we don't use electricity in our daily lives . the records of our discussions are kept by the secretary . our teacher is a gentleman in the true sense of the word . our policies and systems are getting outdated and need revising , but to try to swap horses while crossing a stream might be dangerous . the obstacles to our progress have been removed at last . in our society we find men of integrity along with crooks . we've received a lot of applications in answer to our advertisements . our project didn't get off the ground until he joined the company . our plans for the vacation are still up in the air . our patient is in much the same condition as yesterday . it will be three months before our house is completed . although our universe is still young , theorists are busy exploring its ultimate fate . there is nothing in the world but teaches us some good lesson . we cannot know too much about the language we speak every day of our lives . to our great relief , she returned home safe and sound . if we suspect others , others will suspect us just as much . three hours is too short for us to discuss that matter . no one ever knew the true story except the three of us . the crocodile , which produces only male young in hotter weather , might die out too because there will be no females to breed .
eng	 from the fullness of his grace we have all received one blessing after another . i should like to have a friend to correspond with . i have not yet learned whether he reached there or not . i know an american girl who speaks japanese very well . i like to perform magic tricks for kids , but they sometimes fall flat . i want a wife and children , and so i need a house . i may have nothing now , but i shall always have something to remember , while you have no memories at all . we decided to put off the meeting until next sunday . i was weary of doing the same thing over and over again . i cannot go to the party , but thank you for inviting me all the same . i am determined to make a living as a playwright at all costs . as far as i'm concerned , i will not approve of the plan . i must pull myself together to overcome this incident . each time i see this picture , i remember my father . when i see you , you always remind me of my brother . he got very angry , for she refused to follow his advice . all hope of my promotion went up in smoke after my reorganization plan fell through . let us students contribute to the welfare of the victims of the earthquake ; even loose change will go a long way . we shouted in order to warn everyone of the danger . we all took it for granted that the professor could speak english . we all try hard to make the grade in life , but only a few succeed . we managed to get it back without her knowing about it . after we had walked for some time , we came to the lake . we speak that we do know , and testify that we have seen ; and ye receive not our witness . we all knew that bob was on a wild - goose chase after marge , because she was already happily engaged . we've been horsing around too much ; it's high time we got down to brass tacks . our firm is a giant one , and there are some rules and regulations , which should be revised or rescinded to reduce red tape and increase efficiency . it isn't necessary to make a decision now about where we'll meet . we were delayed by traffic congestion , so we had to hurry . whenever i needed money as a college student , my parents always came through . it was during my college years that i took up tennis . when i see this picture , i always think of the old days . we rented that house , not because we were pleased with it , but because it was near the station . you can use the delivery service for a small additional charge . the slightest mistake may lead to a fatal disaster . it would be unwise , not to say stupid , of you to quit your first job after only six months . which is the capital of the united states , washington or new york ? please don't go to the trouble of coming to our office . i may be playing the devil's advocate , but i have to ask , what are we going to do if we don't get all the customers we expect ? you don't have to go to the trouble of getting an umbrella . thank you very much for coming all the way to see me off . thank you very much for driving me all the way to my house . how good of you to come all the way to see me off !
eng	 our company has come a long way since it was set up . our company is planning to build a new chemical plant in russia . our company wants to take part in that research project . there is no mother who doesn't love her own child . we depend on foreign nations for our natural resources . our country has enjoyed many years of unbroken peace . crime is certainly on the increase in many of our big cities . our tax system is still without coherent philosophy . the morals of our politicians have been corrupted . the gross national product of our country is the second largest . i was extremely disappointed to see our national soccer team suffer a historic loss . computer science has made rapid progress in our country . begin with such books as you can easily understand . don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand . ok . i'll send it out as soon as a machine is available . all right , do it your own way , but don't blame me if you fail . crying loudly , the little girl hurried to the door . the japanese world cup champion team came back home flushed with victory . the word processor will save you a lot of trouble . should the word processor go wrong , we guarantee to replace it free of charge . the development of word - processors has enabled us to type japanese easily . if you had a word processor , you'd be free from all this trouble . he brushed up his english during his stay in london . the river that flows through london is the thames . the river which flows through london is called the thames . on the way to london mr higgins told tom and susie many interesting things . london developed into the general market of europe . london is such a large city that visitors must use buses and the underground railway to get about . london , where i live , used to be famous for its fog . in the london underground there is a warning to " mind the gap " when boarding the train . much of london was destroyed in the seventeenth century . the people of london are very proud of this bridge . the population of london is much greater than that of any other british city . do you know the concert schedule of london symphony orchestra ? in london , the police are always worried about finding a bomb on the train or subway . i'm looking for information on the anderson antique shop in london . please call me as soon as possible when you arrive in london . as soon as i get to london , i'll drop you a line . be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to london . during his stay in london , he is going to visit his cousin . as long as i'm going to be in london , i ought to see a play or two . the people he is living with in london are coming to see me . i sometimes look back on the good days i had in london . i used to go to plays at least once a week in london . in london , quite a few musicals and plays are presented at the theaters every night . don't forget to ask after mr long's wife when you see him . romeo , believing that juliet was dead , decided to kill himself . prepare yourself for the day when robots are at your side .
eng	 despite the seriousness of his illness , mr robinson is in good spirits . robert used to help his father in the store on weekends . robert is the fifth wheel on the safety committee . robert was so busy he had to turn down an invitation to play golf . robert got the better of jack in the game of chess . which do you like better , rock music or classical music ? rock and roll was a creation of the young generation . the rock concert was called off because the singer fell ill . i've done rock climbing and deep - sea diving and slept in an indonesian jungle . los angeles is one of the places that i'd like to visit . los angeles is the second largest city in the united states . the rocket put a communications satellite into orbit . the rocket landed sufficiently gently to avoid breaking its instruments . my bonus doesn't come close to covering all the loan payments i have to make . how many payments will it take to pay off this loan ? lori suggested that we should take a ten - minute coffee break . ms . roland , what do you think about this problem ? the surprise party for laura is not tonight , but tomorrow night . although 475ad is the year that shows the 'decline' of the roman empire , it is not the year of its 'fall' . romans did not want their empire to decline ; but it did . if you have ever visited rome , you must have seen the coliseum . holding on to the rope firmly , i came safely to land . roast beef is usually accompanied by yorkshire pudding . rosa parks was arrested , and the black community of montgomery was shocked and angry . the candle went out instead of having been put out . the candle grew shorter and shorter , until at last it went out . burning the candle at both ends reduces the candle to wax in a hurry - just like a playboy having a pretty girl on each arm . the candle flickered a few times and then went out . the candle's flame is flickering in the soft breeze . the royal shakespeare company is presenting the merchant of venice next week . the evening performance at the royal theater had ended , and the audience had gone home . roy needn't have hurried to the airport to meet his parents . roy practiced very hard to get his ski instructor's license . according to the x - ray , everything is all right . how much more does it cost to return the rental car to another location ? be sure to look over your paper again before you hand it in . please hand in your papers by the last day of this month . will your report be finished in time for the meeting ? you should turn in your term papers by the end of april . i am terribly busy because the report deadline is near . the left fielder ran hard and caught the long fly . red mulligan has announced that he'll fight rocky luciano next month . i remember singing scales every day during music lessons . many restaurants and pubs are on itsutsugi street . music started playing in the restaurant so there was a real romantic mood . the restaurant billed me 250 , 000 yen for the party . the rescue party searched for the missing passengers .
eng	 the record is finished . turn it over to the other side . the horse that won the race was owned by mr johnson . racing car drivers aren't just in it for the prize money but also for the thrill of racing . reagan became president of the united states in 1981 . within the rape crisis movement , greesite's dissent is significant . soon after graduating from trade school , ray murphy was taken on as a machinist at the local automobile plant . luciano , the underdog in the match , will be trying to make the champ eat humble pie . luciano might have the crowd behind him , but he's still wet behind the ears . there is nothing for you to do but obey the rules . lucy came closer to the boy and laid her hand on his head . lucy's mother told her to take care of her younger sister . it is certain that lucy will marry the pop singer . it was not until lucy left me that i realized how much i loved her . lindbergh was the first man to fly across the atlantic . lindbergh's solo nonstop transatlantic flight was a remarkable accomplishment . if it hadn't been for lindbergh's luck and his knowledge of flying , he could never have succeeded in crossing the atlantic . linda was called back from college by her father's sudden illness . such was linda's disappointment that she burst into tears . linda was wildly excited to learn that her aunt nancy was coming to visit her . linda is sixteen , but had no trouble passing for twenty . linda does not dance much now , but i know she used to a lot . because of linda's outstanding grades last semester , i have arranged for her to visit europe . the child who was caught stealing apples bravely faced the music in accepting his punishment . the apple trees grew old and new ones were planted . which do you like best , apples , oranges or grapes ? there are a few apples on the tree , aren't there ? president lincoln was what we call a self - made man . lincoln set out to abolish slavery in the united states . lincoln is one of the greatest figures in american history . lincoln ordered that all the slaves in the country should be set free . what operas are being performed at the lincoln center right now ? the other girls are jealous of lily because she is extremely pretty . in order to relax , i need to listen to soothing music . what time does the shuttle bus leave for the airport ? meanwhile , the foolish uncle was sitting in the living room . she lives near the edge of wripple , so she drives in every day . ritsuko is something of an authority on the subject . rick and carol broke up two months ago , but he's still carrying a torch for her . i haven't seen rick since he returned from new zealand . richard is fair , even to people he does not like . i'd like to make a person - to - person call to mrs . richards . recession is a temporary falling off of business activity during a period when such activity is generally increasing . after getting downsized he started off on a clean slate and started a business working out of a home office . put down your name on the list and pass it on to the next person .
eng	 a more plausible proposal is the one leech presented in conjunction with emmet's theory . the conflicts among leaders resulted in unhealthy sectionalism . do you have a business acquaintance in randolph . , ltd ? lander assumes that rioting and gang behavior are a result of poverty and poor economic conditions . it is worth noting that lander made the necessary modifications . it is not clear whether lander intended to alter emmet's style from the beginning . the parallel with english becomes even more striking when we realize that latin continued to be used for many hundreds of years more as the world's first " international language . " if you want to eat at raffle's , you must reserve weeks ahead . it is in early spring that daffodils come into bloom . russell was a brilliant philosopher , but even the simplest practical task was quite beyond him . during the rush hours we find it difficult to get a taxi around here . there ought to be more buses during the rush hours . i would rather leave early than travel on rush - hour trains . going to school during the rush hour is tiring and unpleasant . a rush - hour traffic jam delayed my arrival by two hours . it's easy to lose track of time when you are in las vegas . listening to the radio , i heard the telephone ring . i found that i could not study well with the radio on . the communication of news by tv and radio is very common now . the radio is too loud . can't you turn it down a little ? if you listen to english programs on the radio , you can learn english for nothing . according to the radio , a storm is imminent in the north . the radio warned us of the coming earthquake and we started gathering our things . the radio warned us of the possibility of flooding . there is a short program of local news on the radio . rugby is a sport which is never called off by rain . my whole body was one big bruise after the rugby game . rugby , american football , and australian rules football all come from soccer . a camel can store a large amount of water in the hump on its back . it goes without saying that camels are very useful in the middle east . a camel is to the desert what a ship is to the sea . the rhine is the boundary between france and germany . a rifle shot broke the peace of the early morning . the wright brothers succeeded in flying an airplane driven by an engine . we would now like to have some sample flashlights . mr wright speaks japanese as if it were his mother tongue . i put my lighter down somewhere and now i can't find it . i searched high and low for my lighter but couldn't find it . lisa is so skillful that she can even make screws and similar small objects for herself . better to be the head of a dog than the tail of a lion . the lion and the tiger are two different species of cat . whether you pick the lions or tigers to win , the result will be a toss - up because both teams are equally strong . as the lion is king of beasts , so is the eagle king of birds . mrs . lark played the piano and the children sang . i'd like to be left alone for a while , if you don't mind .
eng	 if you would like to have further information , please contact me . on colder days , they curl up or dig a hole in the snow . many retired people move to the sunbelt to enjoy sports such as golf or tennis in a milder climate . in order to serve you better , your call may be monitored . since we can't find a better one , let's make the best of what we have . i could tell by the look on his face that he had come on very important business . now , this is john's testimony : jews of jerusalem sent priests and levites to ask him who he was . simon and peter's brother andrew was one of the two who heard what john had said . unless it's something fairly impressive , i won't remember it . they usually use an anchor to hold a yacht in place . it looks like yokkun's dad ran off with his nursery school teacher . it offers a mouth - watering selection of delights . yoshio resembles his mother in personality and his father in appearance . put out the light so that you can get a good sleep . he that hears much and speaks not at all shall be welcome both in bower and hall . if you drive with anything less than extreme caution , you're risking your life . you should look up all unfamiliar words in a dictionary . it seems that on clear , sunny days they could also use the sun to find their way home . much as we resemble one another , none of us are exactly alike . in a similar situation , the company was held liable . put on your thinking cap and try to remember whose house you slept at last night . after some careful thought , i elected to stay at home . after mature reflection , i've decided to accept their offer . i don't remember exactly , but i suppose it was friday last week . i wonder what has become of the friend i used to go fishing with . i wonder if you don't get tired of doing the same thing every day . he felt a resentment against his uncle for taking him in . he was not at home , as is often the case with him . john was not at home , as is often the case with him . she forgot her umbrella , as is often the case with her . he returned home very late , as was often the case . as often happens , he slept right through the lesson . henry was not at home , as is often the case with him . as is often the case , the boy ran away from home . a good theory is characterized by the fact that it makes a number of predictions that could in principle be disproved or falsified by observation . for better or worse , there is nothing for it but to leave the matter in his hands . while traveling in europe , i was pickpocketed on a train . in most of the countries in europe , cars have to keep to the right . many of europe's metropolises are plagued by the doughnut phenomenon . i've just been to the airport to see off a friend who was leaving for europe . i hear he met with some kind of misfortune while he was in europe . instead of going to europe , i decided to go to america . are there many people in europe who believe in ghosts even now ? europe is now reported to be entirely free of new cases of this disease .
eng	 in europe , people regard punctuality as a matter of course . yoko translated some poems from japanese into english . eventually it was decided that the stores be equipped with surveillance cameras . finally , susan cuts her mother short , promises to write , and hangs up . finally , i have time to reply to the mail that i have received these past three weeks . in the last analysis , methods don't educate children ; people do . we have a saying to the effect that a good neighbor is better than a faraway relative . there is no one who doesn't want to have good friends . a good method for investing is a monthly allotment . a nice day , isn't it ? why not go out for a walk ? if you have a good garden , it will enhance the value of your house . all that you have to do to get a good seat is to leave early . i went to the theater quite early with a view to getting a good seat . the true secret of writing a good letter is to write as if you were talking . good food and enough sleep are absolutely necessary to good health . if you want to do good work , you should use the proper tools . to be a good batter , you've got to hang loose and follow your instincts . you must educate your tongue to distinguish good coffee from bad . it's a nice day , isn't it ? why not go out for a walk ? what is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb . look at the cute little baby sleeping in the cradle . i don't want to associate with yumiko ; she usually tells lies . if you sit back and rest , you will feel much better . only slowly did he begin to understand the situation . outside the mainstream of orthodox judaism , the apocalyptic books were more successful with certain movements . his wife's second cousin was a member of the jewish ruling council . when it was almost time for the jewish passover , jesus went up to jerusalem . hence 50 percent of the muscle can give way to fat . the sense of humor is mysteriously bound up with national characteristics . his father passed away last night in the hospital . the bananas you brought to me last night were all bad . last night my house was robbed while i was still awake . there was a large audience at the piano recital last night . there was a fire in this city last night . we can't tell exactly what time it broke out . yuji told his friend a story about his adventure during the summer vacation . yugoslavia says it's not responsible for the actions of serbian militias in bosnia which have killed thousands , ruined cities , and turned 1 . 3 million people into refugees over the last three months . mrs . young wouldn't mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly . mrs . young didn't mind my dropping in on her unexpectedly . it is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do . i was disappointed at there being so little to do . i simply haven't the time to do everything i want to do . don't do that ! ! ! there's a computer at the drug store . i disliked the idea of the necessary call , but it had to be done . far from stopping , the storm became much more intense .
eng	 i think the thai food at this place is seasoned so japanese will like it . you get rusty if you haven't spoken english for a long time . you're just the kind of person i imagined you'd be . pick a job that you enjoy and working will seem easy . so , we finally meet ! i've waited so long for this moment . at long last he made up his mind to propose to her . in the end , i found out what was wrong with my tv . the problem was how to drive quickly and safely to the house . in order to lose weight , it is best to take up some sport . if you want to lose weight , you'll have to be careful about what you eat . tenderness is an important element in a person's character . because it is written in simple english even a child can understand it . written in easy english , the book is easy to read . written in easy english , this book is suitable for beginners . written in simple english , this book is suitable for beginners . the time will soon come when his words will come true . it will not be long before the winter vacation ends . it will not be long before we can know the truth of the matter . the day will soon come when there will be no more wars in the world . it will not be long before the cherry blossoms on our campus come out . it will not be long before you accommodate yourself to the new circumstances . in due course , eating meat will be considered as horrible as eating human flesh . hello ! fancy meeting you here ! it's a small world , isn't it ? speaking with reporters in montreal , canada , walesa says the change of leadership in east germany came about because the old guard leaders missed the train of history . mont blanc is covered with snow all the year round . i hope to make clear why i think emmet's theory , originally introduced in the field of design architecture , is so important in physics . he is said to have been a man of respectable position . with more courage , i might have proposed to mary . in the absence of a better idea i had to choose this method . drive more carefully , or you will run into trouble . drive more carefully , or you will have an accident . with a little more care , he wouldn't have failed . if you had been more careful , you would not have met with an accident . you don't have to leave me hanging like this . why don't you just come out and tell it to me straight ? if it's possible , i'd like to exchange this for a larger size . moving to a smaller place will reduce the expenses . if i had had more time , i would have written to you . i would have written a longer letter if i'd had more time . we have to cut business expenses here . haven't you ever heard of looking at how much you're getting before you start spending ? a more experienced lawyer would have dealt with the case in a different way . with more education , he would have found a better job . please let me know if you need help in reserving a room closer to the convention center . sometimes i feel like living a more peaceful life . you'll never achieve anything if you don't study harder . if you had studied harder , you would have passed the examination .
eng	 born in better times , he would have become a great scholar . the brightest student expressed gratitude on behalf of his classmates . the fastest runner can't run 100 meters in 9 seconds . it is that emmet's theory is compatible with previous theories in physics that is of most significance . most important of all , the brain needs global reentry pathways connecting these anatomical structures . buckle down and get to work . do you think we're on a sunday picnic here ? if i had more money , i could move to a bigger house . we would move to a bigger house if we had more money . a pizza topped with mozzarella is my first choice . of course , neither goods nor mailing fee returned . of course , many senior citizens are happy with retirement . of course it's difficult to gain access to the prime minister . the magnets , of course , have a magnetic field around them . of course our lifestyle is different from america . air as well as sunlight is , needless to say , indispensable to our daily life . oh , sure , i studied english in my school days . but it wasn't until two or three years ago that i really started taking it seriously . it goes without saying that country life is healthier than town life . as a matter of course , she passed the examination . of course , i'm young , and politics is conducted by grown - ups . of course , to be valuable , an old carpet must be in good condition . of course darwin , like many of his contemporaries , wished to be seen as following the newtonian method . once i learned what to listen for , i came to appreciate modern jazz . it's best to wear a cap on your head during the cold moscow winters . you've got another four day's journey before you reach moscow . if your essay is on the short side , you can always pad it out with a few quotations . if anyone comes in my absence , tell him that i won't come back till evening . if it had not been for the storm , we would have been in time for the meeting . you'll never get ahead in this place unless you go through the proper channels . provided you have a reservation , you can check in anytime . if you have a certificate of immunization , please bring it when you come . if you can't keep your promise , what excuse will you make ? if it's a nice day tomorrow , we'll go on a picnic . if it rains tomorrow , i'm not going to the meeting . if it rains tomorrow , the baseball game will be put off . if it is rainy tomorrow , the game will be put off . if you want to make your dreams come true , keep on trying . if it should rain tomorrow , the excursion will be canceled . if he would help you , he might come to you at once . if i should fail again , i would give up the plan . if i happen to end up going abroad , i'd probably go for france . if john should call me , tell him i'll be back at seven . what would you do if the world were to come to an end tomorrow ? if she should come to japan , jane would be very happy . if you're sure you're not in a hurry , i can use a little help . if my brother were here , he would know what to do .
eng	 if you come upon a new word in a sentence , what will you do with it ? even if you lose the game , you'll have another chance . if it had not been for his father's help , he would have failed in business . if you have any complaints , let me know , and i'll look into them . if a sick person folds one thousand paper cranes , her wish will come true . if i knew her name and address , i could write to her . if i had known her address , i could have visited her . if i had noticed her , i would have got her autograph . if she hadn't made waves about it , she never would have got her money back . there is no telling what would happen if she doesn't show up . with a little more patience , she would have succeeded . if she visits france again , she will have been there three times . if she were here now , i would tell her the truth . if she had trusted you , she wouldn't have done so . to look at him , you would take him to be a foreigner . if they hadn't found the vase , john would have been accused of stealing it . if it had not been for his help , i would have failed . if it had not been for his advice , i might have failed . if it hadn't been for his help , she might have drowned . if i knew his address , i would get in touch with him right away . if i had known his address , i would have written . as i didn't know his address , i couldn't write to him . with his support , she might have been elected mayor . if it had not been for his help , we would have failed in our enterprise . if it were not for his assistance , we could not carry out the project . if it had not been for his help , we would have failed in business . the firm might have lost all its money if it had taken his advice . she wouldn't have married him if she had known him better . if he had enough time , he might have done good work . if you happen to see him , please give him my best regards . you'll have to take his place in case he can't come . if he came tomorrow , i would have more time to talk . if he had told me the truth , i would have forgiven him . she would have fallen into the pond if he had not caught her by the arm . if he had known her phone number , he could have called her up . if he had heard her advice , he would have succeeded . if it hadn't been for his advice , i couldn't have succeeded . if he should arrive late , you may start the conference without him . if he had been honest , i would have employed him . if he sends me any letters , i just tear them up and throw them away . if he had not picked me up , i would not be here now . if he doesn't get a letter from me once a month , he will reveal the pope's secret to the world . born in a rich family , he would have studied in england . if he is absent , we will not have an english test . if you hear anything new from him , please let me know about it . if he had worked harder , he might be a rich man now . if he will come , i will wait for him till he comes . if he had stayed at home that day , he would not have met with disaster . had he known the facts , the accident might have been avoided .
